Welcome to the Text Processor!
I have information on both Paramount and Netflix's 10-K Reports. 
If you do not specify a company or the company is not one of the two, then we will take information from your previous query, or from Netflix's 10-k.
 You may also ask for logs and statistics of previous chat sessions.

What would you like to know?
show paramount's business
Here is the business information. I have written everything from business to the output file.

ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 12, Segment and Geographic Information, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear TV, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, like social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing. Historically, the fourth quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth. In addition, our membership growth can be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content we produce and distribute through our service. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 13,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 9,000 (69%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,000 (15%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 500 (4%) in Latin America and 1,500 (12%) in Asia-Pacific. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year. We believe a critical component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a "Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our associates to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence. We aim to attract and retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. We empower all of our employees so that they can have significant impact and input into decision-making; each employee has a high degree of freedom and power to make the decisions and take actions in the best interest of the company in carrying out their role. In return, our employees are responsible and accountable for those decisions and actions. With this approach, we believe we are a more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, collaborative and successful organization.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our operations. We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions. Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us. We work to build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee carries out their role. We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to help increase representation by training our recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented and/or marginalized communities. We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1 reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders. We offer programs, such as seminars and lectures, that are designed to equip our leaders (officers, VPs, people managers and director and senior manager-level employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic goals. We have built a portfolio of programs under three foundational pillars - great company, great leaders, and great human beings - which we believe support our current and future success. We also offer programs and workshops to provide skills and coaching to employees on a variety of topics, such as leading and inspiring
teams. We believe this focus helps our employees grow as leaders and well-rounded individuals, and better positions Netflix to operate our global business of providing compelling content to entertain the world.
We aim to generally pay our employees at the top of their personal market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender (globally) and race (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.netflix.net), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.

	
Business.
Overview
We are a leading global media, streaming and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic consumer brands, our portfolio includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+ and Pluto TV. We hold one of the industry’s most extensive libraries of television and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, we also provide powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions.
Our strategy is grounded in three key strengths: (1) our broad range of popular content; (2) our multiplatform distribution model; and (3) our global operating reach. In 2022, we demonstrated the continued breadth and depth of our content capabilities across our distribution platforms — broadcast, including the leading network in the United States (the “U.S.”), CBS; a portfolio of cable networks that includes Nickelodeon, MTV and BET; a rapidly growing subscription streaming service, Paramount+; a leading free advertising-supported streaming television (“FAST”) service in the U.S., Pluto TV; and an iconic Hollywood studio, Paramount Pictures. Our global operating footprint includes content production capabilities across Latin America, the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”), Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific, cable networks in many key markets and deep commercial relationships with strategic partners around the world.
2022 was a notable year for us in streaming. Benefiting from a slate of original series, including Halo, 1883, 1923, Tulsa King, Criminal Minds: Evolution and SEAL Team, and original films, including Orphan: First Kill and Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe, our global streaming subscribers grew 38% year-over-year to 77.3 million and Paramount+ subscribers grew 70% year-over-year to 55.9 million. According to Antenna, Paramount+ is the number one premium streaming service in domestic sign-ups and gross subscriber additions since its launch in March 2021 through the end of 2022, and had the most sign-ups in 2022. In sports, we reached a six-year multiplatform U.S. media rights extension for the Union of European Football Associations (“UEFA”) Champions League. We also recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+
                                                
across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. In free, Pluto TV global monthly active users (MAUs) increased 22% year-over-year to 78.5 million.
Paramount Pictures released six films in 2022 that debuted at number one at the domestic box office — Scream, Jackass Forever, The Lost City, Sonic The Hedgehog 2, Top Gun: Maverick and Smile. These hits were led by Top Gun: Maverick, the fifth highest-grossing domestic movie of all time and first film to top the domestic box office on both Memorial Day and Labor Day. Following its theatrical run, the film has continued to draw big audiences in the U.S. digital home entertainment market and on Paramount+. Released in the fall, Smile became the highest-grossing horror film of the year worldwide.
CBS finished the 2021-2022 season as America’s number one broadcast network in primetime for the 14th consecutive season. In entertainment, CBS was number one across multiple genres — drama (NCIS); new comedy (Ghosts); primetime news series (60 Minutes); late night series (The Late Show with Stephen Colbert); and the number one daytime lineup for the 35th consecutive year. CBS Sports delivered its most-watched National Football League (the “NFL”) regular season in seven years, while Paramount+ had its most-streamed NFL regular season ever, recording double-digit year-over-year growth. Additionally, for the 14th consecutive year, CBS Sports maintained college football’s highest average viewership. Beginning next season, we will air Big Ten football and basketball games as part of a multiplatform agreement that extends through the end of the decade.
Our portfolio of cable networks attracted audiences through a broad range of shows, including the most watched original series in the U.S. across all of television, Yellowstone, and one of the world’s most popular preschool series, PAW Patrol. In 2022, adult cable series on our cable networks accounted for three of the top five and five of the top ten series among adults 18 to 34. Nickelodeon networks accounted for seven of the top ten cable series among kids two to 11 and returned to share growth for the first time in five years.
In 2022, we focused on expanding our global footprint and building key distribution partnerships with industry leaders including Sky, CANAL+ and Virgin Media. We launched Paramount+ in South Korea, the U.K., Ireland, Italy, France, Germany, Switzerland and Austria, and in the U.S., launched a first-of-its-kind partnership with Walmart to offer Paramount+ Essential to Walmart+ members. SkyShowtime, our streaming joint venture with Comcast, launched in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (the “Nordics”). Finally, we launched Pluto TV in Canada with Corus and in the Nordics with Viaplay Group.
We continued our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) in 2022. We hosted our fourth annual Global Inclusion Week, a week-long initiative featuring conversations, panels and workshops designed to ensure our workforce and culture reflect, celebrate and elevate the diversity of our audiences and communities. We also continued to advance Content for Change, a companywide initiative designed to use the power of our content, creative supply chain and culture to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate. We released our third Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report, and made progress on our ESG strategy and goals across our three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. We also hosted our 26th annual Community Day, a global day of community service focused on causes and issues that resonate with our employees and audiences.
We operate through the following segments:
•TV Media.  Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) domestic and international broadcast networks and owned television stations; (2) domestic and international extensions of our cable networks; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, and production and distribution of first-run syndicated programming. TV Media generated approximately 72% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
•Direct-to-Consumer.  Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of our portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
                                                
•Filmed Entertainment.  Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of our production and acquisition of films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
We were organized as a Delaware corporation in 1986. In December 2019, we changed our name to ViacomCBS Inc. in connection with the merger of Viacom Inc. (“Viacom”) and CBS Corporation (“CBS”) (the “Merger”). In February 2022, we changed our name to Paramount Global. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to “Paramount,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Paramount Global and its consolidated subsidiaries, to “CBS” mean CBS and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger and to “Viacom” mean Viacom and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger.
Our principal offices are located at 1515 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Our telephone number is (212) 258-6000 and our website is paramount.com. Information included on or accessible through our website is not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.
We have two classes of common stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (together, our “Common Stock”), both of which are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, under the ticker symbols “PARAA” and “PARA,” respectively. Owners of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Shares of our Class B Common Stock do not have voting rights. As of December 31, 2022, National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”), a closely held corporation that owns and operates movie screens in the U.S., the U.K. and South America, directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting Class A Common Stock, representing approximately 9.8% of our Common Stock. NAI is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Our Segments
para-20221231_g1.jpg
TV Media
Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) broadcast operations — the CBS Television Network, our domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, our owned television stations; and our international free-to-air networks, Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe and Chilevisión; (2) domestic premium and basic cable networks, including Paramount Media Networks, Nickelodeon, BET Media Group and CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of certain of these brands; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios and MTV Entertainment Studios, as well as CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming. TV Media also includes a number of digital properties such as CBS News Streaming for 24-hour news and CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis.
TV Media’s revenues are generated principally from advertising; affiliate and subscription revenues principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) and third-party live television streaming services (“virtual MVPDs” or “vMVPDs”) for carriage of our cable networks (cable affiliate fees) and our owned television stations (retransmission fees), and fees received from television stations for their affiliation with the CBS Television Network (“reverse compensation”); and the licensing and distribution of our content and other rights. In 2022, advertising, affiliate and subscription, and licensing and other generated
                                                
approximately 43%, 38% and 19%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. TV Media generated approximately 72%, 80% and 83% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Broadcast
CBS Television Network.  The CBS Television Network (the “CBS Network”), through CBS Entertainment, CBS News and CBS Sports, distributes entertainment programming, news, public affairs programs and sports. CBS Network content also is available on the internet, including through: CBS.com, CBSNews.com, CBSSports.com and related apps; our streaming services, such as Paramount+, CBS News Streaming and Pluto TV; and MVPDs and vMVPDs. CBS Entertainment acquires or develops and schedules the programming on the CBS Network, which includes primetime comedies and dramas, reality, specials, kids’ programs, daytime dramas, game shows and late night. CBS News operates a worldwide news organization, providing the CBS Network, CBS News Radio and digital platforms with regularly scheduled news and public affairs programs. CBS Sports broadcasts on the CBS Network include certain regular season and playoff NFL games, including post-season American Football Conference wild card playoff, divisional playoff and championship games and, on a rotating basis with other networks, the Super Bowl; the National Collegiate Athletic Association’s (the “NCAA”) Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament and marquee regular-season college basketball games; regular-season college football games; the PGA TOUR, the Masters and the PGA Championship; and certain UEFA Champions League games.
CBS Stations.  CBS Stations consists of our 29 owned broadcast television stations, all of which operate under licenses granted by the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”). Licensees must seek to renew each license every eight years. Our stations are located in the six largest, and 15 of the top 20, television markets in the U.S. We own multiple stations within the same Nielsen-designated market area in 10 major markets, including New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. The stations broadcast news, public affairs, sports and other programming to serve their local markets. Local versions of CBS News Streaming offer local news from certain of our owned stations.
International Free-to-Air Networks.  We operate a number of free-to-air networks around the world: Network 10 in Australia whose brands include 10, 10 Bold, 10 Peach, 10 Shake and 10 Play; Channel 5, a public service broadcaster in the U.K. whose brands include 5, 5 Action, 5 Select, 5Star, 5USA, Milkshake and My5; Telefe in Argentina whose brands include Telefe Noticias, Mi Telefe, Telefe Internacional, tlfesports, Telefe Channels on Pluto TV and Mitelefe; and Chilevisión in Chile whose brands include Chilevisión Noticias, CHV and Chilevisión Channels on Pluto TV.
Cable
Paramount Media Networks.  Paramount Media Networks connects with global audiences through its iconic brands ― CMT, a country music and lifestyle channel; Comedy Central, a comedy-focused brand that includes stand-up specials, sketch shows, adult animation and late-night programming; Logo, a network dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment programming for LGBTQ+ audiences; MTV, a storied youth entertainment brand home to notable franchises and live events such as the MTV Video Music Awards; Paramount Network, a premium entertainment destination and home to Yellowstone; Pop TV, a pop culture-focused channel; SHOWTIME, which offers premium original scripted and unscripted series, movies, documentaries and docuseries, sports, comedy and special events; The Smithsonian Channel, home of popular genres such as air and space, travel, history, science, nature and culture; and TV Land, a destination for consumers in their 30s and 40s.
Nickelodeon.  Nickelodeon is an entertainment brand for kids and families that features original and licensed series across animation, live-action and preschool genres. Nickelodeon brands include Nick Jr., Nick at Nite, TeenNick, Nicktoons and Nick Music. Nickelodeon is a key part of our global consumer products business and also licenses its brands for recreation and other location-based experiences such as hotels and theme parks.
                                                
BET Media Group.  BET Media Group provides premium entertainment, music, news, digital and public affairs content for Black audiences. BET Media Group serves as a destination for Black expression as well as a gathering place for Black creators, talent and communities. BET Media Group’s multiplatform extensions include BET Studios, a studio venture that offers equity ownership to Black content creators; BET Digital; BET Her, a network focused on Black women; BET Music Networks; BET Home Entertainment; BET Live, BET’s events and experience business, which include the BET Awards; BET International; and VH1, a multicultural pop culture destination.
CBS Sports Network.  The CBS Sports Network is CBS Sports’ 24-hour cable channel that provides a diverse slate of sports and related content. The network televises live professional, amateur and college events, including Division I college football, basketball, hockey and lacrosse, and certain domestic and international soccer games. In addition, the network showcases a variety of original programming, including documentaries, features and studio shows. CBS Sports Network also provides ancillary coverage for CBS Sports relating to major events, such as the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament, the Masters and the PGA Championship.
Studios
Our studios produce content across broadcast, cable and streaming in the U.S. and internationally. Our studios include CBS Studios, which maintains an extensive library of intellectual property, including global franchises such as the Star Trek universe, and produces late night and daytime talk shows; MTV Entertainment Studios, which produces television series and films and MTV Documentary Films; and Paramount Television Studios, which produces a range of television content.
CBS Media Ventures (“CMV”) produces and distributes original series programming across various dayparts and genres, including talk shows, court shows, game shows and newsmagazines, which are licensed on a market-by-market basis to television stations for local broadcast television and streaming. CMV engages in national advertising and integrated marketing sales for the programming it distributes, as well as serving as the national advertising sales agent for other major syndicators.
para-20221231_g2.jpg
Direct-to-Consumer
Our Direct-to-Consumer segment includes our domestic and international portfolio of pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime Networks’ subscription streaming service (“SHOWTIME OTT”), BET+ and Noggin. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. Direct-to-Consumer’s revenues are comprised of advertising and subscription revenues generated by our streaming services. In 2022, advertising and subscriptions generated approximately 31% and 69%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16%, 12% and 7% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount+.  Paramount+, our global on-demand and live subscription streaming service, combines live sports, news and entertainment content. Paramount+ features an expansive catalogue of original series, shows and popular movies across every genre from our brands and production studios and from third parties. Domestically, Paramount+ is home to livestreamed CBS Sports programming, including the NFL, NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball on CBS and the Masters. A destination for soccer fans, Paramount+ features select live and on-demand matches from a number of domestic and international leagues, including UEFA, Italy’s Serie A, the National
                                                
Women’s Soccer League and the Women’s Super League. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS Stations live across the U.S. in addition to CBS News Streaming and CBS Sports HQ. Paramount+ is available in two versions in the U.S.: Premium, an advertising-free offering (except during livestreamed and other limited content) that includes all the benefits of Paramount+ for a subscription fee; and Essential, an advertising-supported offering available for a lower fee that includes the NFL but not livestreamed local CBS Stations.
Pluto TV.  Pluto TV, our global FAST service, features a broad range of curated live linear channels and on-demand content. Categories cover a wide array of genres, including movies, television series, including classic television, sports, news and opinion, reality, crime, game shows, comedy, daytime TV, home, food, lifestyle & culture, gaming & anime, music, kids and local news. Pluto TV en español delivers Spanish-language channels reflecting the rich tapestry of the U.S. Hispanic community. Pluto TV can be accessed and streamed across connected television devices, mobile and the internet.
BET+.  BET+, a joint venture between BET and Tyler Perry Studios, is a subscription streaming service in the U.S. focused on Black audiences, featuring movies, television, stand-up comedy, award shows and specials. BET+ is home to exclusive original content from leading Black creators.
SHOWTIME OTT.  SHOWTIME OTT is Showtime Networks’ premium subscription streaming service in the U.S. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023.
Noggin.  Noggin is Nickelodeon’s direct-to-consumer learning platform with an extensive library of interactive learning games, videos and books and advertising-free episodes of popular preschool series. Developed by education experts, Noggin delivers an adaptive learning experience that fosters curiosity and is designed to build early math, literacy and social and emotional skills.
para-20221231_g3.jpg
Filmed Entertainment
Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, Awesomeness and Miramax. Filmed Entertainment produces and acquires films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment’s revenues are generated primarily from the release or distribution of films theatrically and the licensing of film and television content. In 2022, theatrical, licensing and other, and advertising revenues generated approximately 33%, 66% and 1%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13%, 9% and 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount Pictures.  A producer and global distributor of filmed entertainment since 1912, Paramount Pictures is an iconic brand with an extensive library of films, which include such classics as Titanic, Forrest Gump and The Godfather, and well-known franchises such as Mission: Impossible and Transformers.
Paramount Players.  Paramount Players focuses on creating genre films from distinct, contemporary voices and properties, as well as drawing from Paramount’s rich library of content. Paramount Players also produces films for initial release on Paramount+.
                                                
Paramount Animation.  Paramount Animation develops and produces franchise and original animated films, including drawing from the Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon libraries.
Nickelodeon Studio.  Nickelodeon Studio produces and distributes animated and live action series, films, made-for-television movies and short-form content for kids and families across multiple platforms worldwide.
Awesomeness.  Awesomeness creates content focused on the global Gen Z audience through its digital publishing, film and television studio divisions.
Miramax.  Miramax, a joint venture with beIN Media Group, is a global film and television studio with an extensive library of content. We have exclusive, long-term rights to distribute Miramax’s library, as well as certain rights to co-produce, co-finance and/or distribute new film and television projects.
Filmed Entertainment produces most of the films we release and also acquires films for distribution from third parties. In some cases, we co-finance and/or co-distribute films with third parties, including other studios. We also enter into film-specific and multipicture financing arrangements from time to time under which third parties participate in the financing of the costs of a film or group of films in exchange for an economic participation and a partial copyright interest.
We distribute films in various media worldwide or in select territories and may engage third-party distributors for certain films in certain territories. Domestically, we generally market and distribute our own theatrical and home entertainment releases. Internationally, we distribute theatrical releases through our international affiliates or, in territories where we have no operating presence, through United International Pictures, our joint venture with Universal Studios, or other third-party distributors. For home entertainment releases, DVD and Blu-ray discs are distributed internationally by local licensees. We also license films and television shows domestically and/or internationally to a variety of platforms.
Competition
We operate in highly competitive environments and compete for creative talent and intellectual property, as well as for audiences and distribution of our content.
We compete with a variety of media, technology and entertainment companies with substantial resources to produce, acquire and distribute content around the world, including broadcast and cable networks, streaming services, film and television studios, production groups, independent producers and syndicators, television stations and television station groups. We compete with other content creators for creative talent, including producers, directors, actors and writers, as well as for new content ideas and intellectual property and for the acquisition of popular programming.
We compete for audiences for our content with releases from other film studios, television producers and streaming services, as well as with other forms of entertainment and consumer spending outlets. We compete for audiences and advertising revenues primarily with other television networks; streaming services; social media; websites, apps and other online experiences; radio programming; and print media. Our businesses also face competition from the many other entertainment options available to consumers, including video games, sports, travel and outdoor recreation.
We face competition for distribution of our content. Our TV Media businesses compete for distribution of our program services (and receipt of related fees) with other television networks and programmers. We also compete with other broadcast networks to secure affiliations with independently owned television stations to ensure the effective distribution of network programming in the U.S. We also compete with studios and other producers of entertainment content for distribution on third-party platforms.
For additional information regarding competition, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry — We operate in highly competitive industries.”
                                                
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy
Our ESG strategy is centered on understanding and responding to our biggest risks and opportunities. We organize our ESG work into three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. On-Screen Content & Social Impact encompasses the opportunities and responsibilities we have to represent, inform and influence through our content and brands. Workforce & Culture includes our efforts to recruit and retain the best employees; treat employees, contractors and partners well; and foster an environment where everyone feels welcome and safe. Sustainable Production & Operations aims to address the environmental and social impacts of our operations and facilities. In 2022, we released our third ESG Report, which is available on our website and includes an update on the progress we have made in each focus area.
ESG Governance
Our ESG team oversees the day-to-day strategy and implementation of our ESG efforts under the leadership of a steering committee, comprised of senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. We also have multiple working groups dedicated to specific ESG topics made up of subject matter experts from across our brands and functional teams, which together with the steering committee constitute our ESG Council. Our ESG Council actively reviews and refines our ESG strategies and the ESG team regularly updates senior management, our Board of Directors and its Nominating and Governance Committee, which, pursuant to its charter, oversees and monitors significant issues impacting our culture and reputation, as well as our handling of ESG matters.
Human Capital Management
We work to create a culture that is welcoming and nurturing to all, and a workplace where our employees and talent feel supported, heard and understood, and have the opportunity to thrive. Our human capital management strategy is intended to address the areas described below, and additional information can be found in our ESG Report.
As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 24,500 full- and part-time employees in 37 countries worldwide and had approximately 5,800 project-based staff on our payroll. We also use temporary employees in the ordinary course of business.
A Culture of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We continue to cultivate a culture that reflects to our core values and is rooted in our dynamic and proactive approach to DEI through a range of partnerships, collaborations, programs and initiatives.
•Senior leaders from across the Company serve on a cross-functional council focused on inclusion, and many of our brands and functional teams maintain internal inclusivity councils to address DEI activities and challenges, including workforce pipeline development, external DEI-focused partnerships, and sponsorship and mentoring initiatives targeting underrepresented groups.
•We partner with diversity-focused institutions and professional associations both domestically and internationally that are committed to supporting, and post positions to diversity-centric job boards with organizations that support, women, BIPOC and LGBTQ+ individuals, military personnel and veterans and/or persons with disabilities to help attract, engage and retain diverse talent at all levels.
•We introduced a dedicated talent sourcing team focused on building diverse talent pipelines. We sponsor internal and external professional development programs and campus-to-career initiatives aimed at underrepresented groups.
                                                
•We also host an annual Global Inclusion Week, a companywide initiative featuring curated sessions designed to spark thoughtful dialogue on diversity, inclusion and belonging.
•We sponsor employee resource groups with chapters in locations worldwide.
•Our Chief Executive Officer is a signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge and we are a founding signatory for the Management Leadership for Tomorrow’s Black Equity at Work Certification Program.
Preventing Harassment and Discrimination
We remain committed to building a work environment free of harassment and discrimination and have taken significant actions as part of this commitment.
•Our Global Business Conduct Statement guides our approach to preventing harassment, discrimination, and any other behavior that creates a hostile workplace. It provides employees with clear examples of harassment and discrimination and guidance on how to create a safe and inclusive environment for all employees. We make annual trainings on sexual harassment, discrimination, and retaliation prevention available to all employees, as well as unconscious bias training and inclusive recruitment training for hiring managers.
•We require that employees report any incidents of harassment and discrimination and provide multiple reporting options, including an anonymous third-party-managed complaint and reporting hotline.
•Our centralized Employee Relations team oversees all investigations of complaints of discrimination, harassment and retaliation in all areas of the organization, including our own productions.
•We monitor employee diversity data trends by gender, ethnicity, and level, as well as self-reported metrics such as sexual orientation and disability inclusion, including to track the promotion rates of women and ethnically diverse employees and identify and address any patterns that might suggest discrimination or unconscious bias.
Employee Attraction, Retention and Training
We strive to create a high-performance culture, including investing in building outstanding managers and teams, strengthening employee development, and helping every team member live up to that team member’s full potential. Our training, mentoring and career mobility programs embody our culture of DEI as we recruit, retain and engage our employees.
•We offer a diverse and flexible range of learning opportunities for our employees, including expanded skill-building offerings, weekly courses for managers, multi-month leadership cohort experiences and customized team workshops.
•We provide tuition support programs for employees pursuing education and encourage employees to learn, develop and collaborate through mentoring programs.
•We offer comprehensive compensation and benefits, including health, life and disability insurance; matching retirement contributions; flexible paid time off; paid volunteer time; financial planning assistance; multiple wellness programs; bicycle commuter reimbursement; and parental, caregiving, bereavement and military leave benefits. In addition, we support families with a range of resources, including enhanced fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits, along with childcare and eldercare resources, and flexible work hours.
•In 2022, we launched our second global employee engagement survey to assess our efforts around employee engagement, inclusion and well-being. Senior leaders reviewed the survey results and instituted action plans to address feedback and opportunity areas.
                                                
Health, Safety and Security
The physical and mental well-being of our workers, including across our productions worldwide, remains a top priority. We strive to take a proactive and targeted approach to identifying and mitigating health, safety and security risks.
•Our cross-functional return-to-office task force created and executed a hybrid work plan focused on collaboration and flexibility. We also established new health offerings for certain locations to facilitate the transition, including the return of our Wellness Studio, offering exercise and training options.
•Production team members are required to attend daily safety meetings that serve as an overview of potential on-set safety hazards that day. We also require job- and event-specific safety training for employees where relevant.
•We strive to track and report safety, health and security incident data across the Company, implementing process changes and training as relevant.
•Our global security command center oversees security and emergency response efforts and undertakes risk scans to identify potential safety threats.
•We offer confidential mental health resources to support our employees and their families year-round and accessible mental health care and meditation programs to facilitate employee self-care.
Social Impact and Corporate Social Responsibility
We use our content and platforms to represent, explore and champion issues that align with our values and impact our viewers, including by exploring and raising awareness of issues such as social justice, climate change, mental health, and civic engagement. We drive our social impact through our content and with our partners in communities globally. Our commitment to social impact is not only exemplified by the content we produce, but also our community service projects, philanthropy and employee engagement efforts.
Content for Change
Content for Change, first launched by BET and then rolled out across the Company, is an initiative to use the power of storytelling to transform how we see ourselves and one another, and to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate in our society. The initiative is grounded in data-driven research in partnership with the University of Southern California’s Annenberg Inclusion Initiative and centered across three pillars — the content we produce, the creative supply chain that powers it and our culture.
SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change
In 2022, we launched SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change, a multi-year global ocean conservation and sustainability initiative. Through partnerships with several non-profit organizations, Operation Sea Change aims to help remove and divert ocean plastic by funding global clean-up work, promoting sustainable products, and educating fans on how they can help protect the ocean.
Regulation
Our businesses and the intellectual property they create or acquire are subject to and affected by laws and regulations of U.S. federal, state and local governmental authorities, as well as laws and regulations of countries other than the U.S. and pan-national bodies such as the European Union (“E.U.”). The laws and regulations affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change, as are the protections that those laws and regulations afford us. The discussion below describes certain, but not all, laws and regulations affecting our businesses.
                                                
FCC and Similar Regulation
The FCC regulates broadcast television, some aspects of cable network programming, and certain programming delivered by internet protocol in the U.S., pursuant to U.S. federal law, including the Communications Act. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines, the imposition of reporting obligations, limited renewals of broadcast station licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license.
License Renewals and Transfers
Each of our owned television stations in the U.S. must be licensed by the FCC. Television broadcast licenses are typically granted for eight-year terms, and we must obtain renewals as they expire to continue operating our stations. The Communications Act requires the FCC to renew a broadcast license if the FCC finds that (1) the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; (2) with respect to the station, there have been no serious violations by the licensee of either the Communications Act or FCC regulations; and (3) there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. A station remains authorized to operate while its license renewal application is pending. In addition, the Communications Act requires prior FCC approval for the assignment of a license or transfer of control of an FCC licensee.
Broadcast Ownership Regulation
The Communications Act and FCC rules impose limits on local and national broadcast television station ownership in the U.S. The broadcast ownership rules discussed below are the most relevant to our U.S. operations.
Local Television Ownership
The FCC’s local television ownership rule generally prohibits common ownership of two full-power stations in a market unless at least one of the stations is not a top-four ranked station in the market based on audience share at the time of acquisition of the second station. However, the FCC may permit such common ownership if it finds such ownership would serve the public interest, convenience and necessity.
Dual Network Rule
The dual network rule prohibits any of the four major U.S. broadcast networks — ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC — from combining or being under common control.
Television National Audience Reach Limitation
Under the national television ownership rule, one party may not own television stations that reach more than 39% of all U.S. television households. For purposes of this rule, a UHF station is afforded a “discount” and is therefore attributed with reaching only 50% of the television households in its market. We currently own and operate television stations that reach approximately 38% of all U.S. television households, but we are attributed with reaching approximately 24% of all such households for purposes of the national ownership rule because of the discount.
Foreign Ownership
The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively owning more than 25% of our voting power or equity. FCC approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold. The FCC has approved foreign ownership levels of up to 100% in certain instances, following its review and approval of specific, named foreign individuals.
                                                
Cable and Satellite Carriage of Television Broadcast Stations
The Communications Act and FCC rules govern the retransmission of broadcast television stations by cable system operators, direct broadcast satellite operators, and other MVPDs in the U.S. Pursuant to these regulations, we have elected to negotiate with MVPDs for the right to carry our broadcast television stations via retransmission consent agreements. The Communications Act and FCC regulations require that broadcasters and some categories of MVPDs negotiate in good faith for retransmission consent. Some MVPDs have sought changes to federal law that would eliminate or otherwise limit the ability of broadcasters to obtain fair compensation for the grant of retransmission consent.
Program Regulation
The FCC also regulates the content of broadcast, cable network, and other video programming. The FCC prohibits broadcasters from airing obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC’s maximum forfeiture penalty per station for broadcasting indecent or profane programming is $479,945 per indecent or profane utterance or image, with a maximum forfeiture exposure of approximately $4.3 million for any continuing violation arising from a single act or failure to act. The FCC also monitors compliance with requirements that apply to broadcasters and cable networks relating to political advertising, identification of program sponsors, and the use and integrity of the Emergency Alert System. In addition, FCC regulations require the closed captioning of almost all broadcast and cable programming, as well as certain programming in the U.S. delivered by internet protocol. Broadcast television stations in certain markets that are affiliated with one of the four major U.S. broadcast networks must also provide a certain amount of programming every quarter that includes audio-narrated description of a program’s key visual elements that make the program accessible to blind and low-vision viewers.
Children’s Programming
Our business is subject to various regulations in the U.S. and abroad applicable to children’s programming. U.S. federal law and FCC rules limit the amount and content of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast television stations and cable networks during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger, and the FCC also limits the display of certain commercial website addresses during children’s programming. Moreover, each of our broadcast television stations in the U.S. is required to air, in general, three hours per week of programming specifically designed to meet the educational and informational programming needs of children 16 years of age and younger. In addition, some policymakers have sought limitations on food and beverage marketing in media popular with children and teens. For example, restrictions on the television advertising of foods high in fat, salt and sugar (“HFSS”) to children aged 15 and under have been in place in the U.K. since 2007. The U.K. government has announced its intention to impose a ban, effective in October 2025, on all HFSS advertising before 9:00 p.m. on television and a total ban online. Various laws with similar objectives have also been enacted in a number of jurisdictions, and pressure for their introduction elsewhere continues to be felt globally.
Broadcast Transmission Standard
FCC rules permit television broadcasters to voluntarily broadcast using the “Next Generation” broadcast television transmission standard developed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee, Inc., also called “ATSC 3.0.” Full-service television stations using the standard are subject to certain requirements, including the obligation to continue broadcasting a generally identical program stream in the current ATSC 1.0 broadcast standard. The ATSC 3.0 standard can be used to offer better picture quality and improved mobile broadcast viewing. A television station converting to ATSC 3.0 operation will incur significant costs in equipment purchases and upgrades. In addition, consumers may be required to obtain new television sets or other equipment that are capable of receiving ATSC 3.0 broadcasts. We are participating in ATSC 3.0 partnerships with other broadcasters and may enter into additional partnerships in the future.
                                                
International Free-to-Air Regulations
Our international free-to-air networks are subject to the rules and regulations of a number of foreign regulators, including the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) in Australia; the Office of Communications (Ofcom) in the U.K.; Ente Nacional de Comunicaciones (ENACOM) in Argentina; and the Consejo Nacional de Televisión (CNTV) in Chile.
Global Data Protection Laws and Children’s Privacy Laws
We are subject to a number of data protection and privacy laws in many of the jurisdictions in which operate, including laws in a number of different U.S. states and the European Union. These laws impact, or may impact, the way we collect, process and transfer personal data. We are also subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions that are specifically intended to protect the interests of children, including the privacy of minors online. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Business Continuity, Cybersecurity and Privacy and Data Protection — We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection.”
Intellectual Property
We are fundamentally a content company, and the trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws that protect our brands and content are extremely important to us. It is our practice to protect our brands, content and related intellectual property. Notwithstanding these efforts and the many legal protections that exist to combat piracy, the infringement of our intellectual property rights presents a significant challenge to our industry. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Intellectual Property — Infringement of our content reduces revenue received from the distribution of our programming, films, books, interactive games and other entertainment content.”
Our Executive Officers
Our executive officers as of the date hereof are as follows:
								
Name	Age	Position
Robert M. Bakish	59	President and Chief Executive Officer, Director
Naveen Chopra	49	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Christa A. D’Alimonte	54	Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Doretha (DeDe) Lea	58	Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations
Julia Phelps	45	Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer
Nancy Phillips	55	Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer
Robert M. Bakish has been our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since December 2019. Mr. Bakish served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of Viacom from December 2016 to December 2019, having served as Acting President and Chief Executive Officer beginning earlier in 2016. Mr. Bakish joined Viacom’s predecessor in 1997 and held positions throughout the organization, including as President and Chief Executive Officer of Viacom International Media Networks and its predecessor company, MTV Networks International, from 2007 to 2016; Executive Vice President, Operations and Viacom Enterprises; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, MTV Networks Advertising Sales; and Senior Vice President, Planning, Development and Technology. Before joining Viacom’s predecessor, Mr. Bakish was a partner with Booz Allen Hamilton in its Media and Entertainment practice. Mr. Bakish has served as a director of Avid Technology, Inc. since 2009.
                                                
Naveen Chopra has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Amazon Devices & Services, beginning in 2019. Prior to joining Amazon Devices & Services, Mr. Chopra served as Chief Financial Officer of Pandora Media from 2017 to 2019 and as its Interim Chief Executive Officer during part of this time, having previously served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of TiVo Inc. in 2016 and as its Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2016.
Christa A. D’Alimonte has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary beginning in 2012. Prior to joining Viacom, Ms. D’Alimonte was a partner of Shearman & Sterling LLP, where she was Deputy Practice Group Leader of the firm’s Global Mergers & Acquisitions group. She first joined Shearman & Sterling in 1993 and became a partner in 2001.
Doretha (DeDe) Lea has been our Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Global Government Affairs of Viacom beginning in 2013, having previously served as Executive Vice President, Government Relations of Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 2005. Prior to that, Ms. Lea served in various government relations positions at Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 1997, with the exception of 2004 to 2005, when she served as Vice President of Government Affairs at Belo Corp. Prior to joining Viacom’s predecessor, she was Senior Vice President of Government Relations at the National Association of Broadcasters.
Julia Phelps has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Communications, Culture and Marketing of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Communications and Culture of Viacom beginning earlier in 2017. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President of Communications for Viacom International Media Networks beginning in 2012, after having served as Vice President of Corporate Communications for Viacom. Ms. Phelps joined Viacom’s predecessor in 2005 from DeVries Public Relations.
Nancy Phillips has been our Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer since December 2019. Prior to joining the Company, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Nielsen Holdings PLC beginning in 2017, having served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Broadcom Corporation from 2014 to 2016. From 2010 to 2014, Ms. Phillips was Senior Vice President, Human Resources for the Imaging and Printing Group at Hewlett-Packard Company, and previously served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Enterprise Services. From 2008 to 2010, Ms. Phillips served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp. Prior to that, Ms. Phillips spent 11 years at General Electric Company, holding various human resources positions. Ms. Phillips practiced law from 1993 to 1997.
Available Information
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be available free of charge on our website at paramount.com (under Investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed with the SEC. These documents are also available on the SEC’s website at sec.gov.
We announce material financial information through SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts on our website at paramount.com (under Investors). We may use any of these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with investors about our Company. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.
                                                
					

What would you like to know?
show netflix business
Here is the business information. I have written everything from business to the output file.

ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 12, Segment and Geographic Information, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear TV, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, like social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing. Historically, the fourth quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth. In addition, our membership growth can be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content we produce and distribute through our service. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 13,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 9,000 (69%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,000 (15%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 500 (4%) in Latin America and 1,500 (12%) in Asia-Pacific. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year. We believe a critical component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a "Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our associates to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence. We aim to attract and retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. We empower all of our employees so that they can have significant impact and input into decision-making; each employee has a high degree of freedom and power to make the decisions and take actions in the best interest of the company in carrying out their role. In return, our employees are responsible and accountable for those decisions and actions. With this approach, we believe we are a more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, collaborative and successful organization.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our operations. We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions. Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us. We work to build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee carries out their role. We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to help increase representation by training our recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented and/or marginalized communities. We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1 reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders. We offer programs, such as seminars and lectures, that are designed to equip our leaders (officers, VPs, people managers and director and senior manager-level employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic goals. We have built a portfolio of programs under three foundational pillars - great company, great leaders, and great human beings - which we believe support our current and future success. We also offer programs and workshops to provide skills and coaching to employees on a variety of topics, such as leading and inspiring
teams. We believe this focus helps our employees grow as leaders and well-rounded individuals, and better positions Netflix to operate our global business of providing compelling content to entertain the world.
We aim to generally pay our employees at the top of their personal market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender (globally) and race (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.netflix.net), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.


What would you like to know?
show netflix's market
Here is the information about markets. I have also written the information to the output file!



Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NFLX”.
Holders
As of December 31, 2023, there were approximately 2,728 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Company Purchases of Equity Securities
Stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2023 were as follows:
Period		Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)		Average Price Paid per Share (2)		Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1)		Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1)
(in thousands)
October 1 - 31, 2023
287,360 			$	404.62 			287,360 			$	10,738,584 	
November 1 - 30, 2023
2,708,477 			$	447.03 			2,708,477 			$	9,527,821 	
December 1 - 31, 2023
2,481,771 			$	472.63 			2,481,771 			$	8,354,857 	
Total
5,477,608 					5,477,608 			
 
(1) In March 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of its common stock, with no expiration date, and in September 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $10 billion, also with no expiration date. For further information regarding stock repurchase activity, see Note 9 Stockholders’ Equity to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
 
Stock Performance Graph
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Exchange Act and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings.
The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2023, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the RDG Internet Composite Index. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the stocks represented in the S&P 500 Index and the stocks represented in the RDG Internet Composite Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance.
FY23 Stock Performance Graph.jpg




What would you like to know?
give me all information
You asked: 

give me all information

I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 

What would you like to know?
give all information
I have written everything from all parts to the output file. Good luck with all that info!

What would you like to know?
hello
Hello!

What would you like to know?
show chat session
WARNING! 
 This will end the current session and switch to an instance where you can review all previous chatbot sessions. Do you accept this?
yes

The user inputted 8 responses.

The program outputted 6 valid responses.

The program ran for 92.8826 seconds.
You asked: 

show statistics

I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 
You asked: 



I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 
You asked: 



I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 
Welcome to the Text Processor!
I have information on both Paramount and Netflix's 10-K Reports. 
If you do not specify a company or the company is not one of the two, then we will take information from your previous query, or from Netflix's 10-k.
 You may also ask for logs and statistics of previous chat sessions.

What would you like to know?
hi
Hello!

What would you like to know?
show chat session
WARNING! 
 This will end the current session and switch to an instance where you can review all previous chatbot sessions. Do you accept this?
yes

The user inputted 3 responses.

The program outputted 2 valid responses.

The program ran for 18.1326 seconds.
Welcome to the Text Processor!
I have information on both Paramount and Netflix's 10-K Reports. 
If you do not specify a company or the company is not one of the two, then we will take information from your previous query, or from Netflix's 10-k.
 You may also ask for logs and statistics of previous chat sessions.

What would you like to know?
how are you
You asked: 

how are you

I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 

What would you like to know?
please show me paramount's markets
Here is the information about markets. I have also written the information to the output file!



Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NFLX”.
Holders
As of December 31, 2023, there were approximately 2,728 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Company Purchases of Equity Securities
Stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2023 were as follows:
Period		Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)		Average Price Paid per Share (2)		Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1)		Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1)
(in thousands)
October 1 - 31, 2023
287,360 			$	404.62 			287,360 			$	10,738,584 	
November 1 - 30, 2023
2,708,477 			$	447.03 			2,708,477 			$	9,527,821 	
December 1 - 31, 2023
2,481,771 			$	472.63 			2,481,771 			$	8,354,857 	
Total
5,477,608 					5,477,608 			
 
(1) In March 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of its common stock, with no expiration date, and in September 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $10 billion, also with no expiration date. For further information regarding stock repurchase activity, see Note 9 Stockholders’ Equity to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
 
Stock Performance Graph
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Exchange Act and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings.
The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2023, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the RDG Internet Composite Index. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the stocks represented in the S&P 500 Index and the stocks represented in the RDG Internet Composite Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance.
FY23 Stock Performance Graph.jpg



	
Market for Paramount Global’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Purchases of Equity Securities.
Our voting Class A Common Stock and non-voting Class B Common Stock are listed and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols “PARAA” and “PARA,” respectively.

We declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Class A and Class B Common Stock during each of the quarters of 2022, 2021, and 2020. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we declared total per share dividends of $.96, resulting in total annual dividends of $635 million, $625 million and $601 million, respectively.

During each of the quarters of 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.4375 per share on our 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (“Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”), resulting in total annual dividends of $58 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded total annual dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $44 million. During each of the third and fourth quarters of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $1.4375 per share. During the second quarter of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $1.5493 per share, representing a dividend period from March 26, 2021 through July 1, 2021.

We currently expect to continue to pay regular cash dividends.

At December 31, 2022, the remaining authorization on our share repurchase program was $2.36 billion. Since the program was announced in November 2010, our Board of Directors has authorized, and we have announced a total of $17.9 billion for the repurchase of our common stock in open market purchases or other types of transactions (including accelerated stock repurchases or privately negotiated transactions). During the fourth quarter of 2022, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock.

As of February 13, 2023, there were 1,925 record holders of our Class A Common Stock and 26,747 record holders of our Class B Common Stock.
                                                
Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our Class A and Class B Common Stock with the cumulative total return on the companies listed in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (“S&P 500”) and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Media and Entertainment Industry Group Index (“S&P 500 Media and Entertainment Index”).

The performance graph assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our Class A and Class B Common Stock, the S&P 500, and the S&P 500 Media and Entertainment Index, including reinvestment of dividends, through the calendar year ended December 31, 2022.

Total Cumulative Stockholder Return
For Five-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022
para-20221231_g4.jpg
																				
December 31,	2017	2018	2019	2020	2021	2022
Class A Common Stock	$100	$74	$77	$68	$61	$37
Class B Common Stock	$100	$75	$73	$68	$56	$33
S&P 500	$100	$96	$126	$149	$192	$157
S&P 500 Media & Entertainment Index	$100	$89	$119	$156	$198	$111

                                                
					
Item 7.	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
Effective February 16, 2022, we changed our name from ViacomCBS Inc. to Paramount Global. Management’s discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of Paramount Global should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes. References in this document to “Paramount,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Paramount Global and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.

Significant components of management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition include:
•Overview—Summary of our business and operational highlights.
•Consolidated Results of Operations—Analysis of our results on a consolidated basis for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, including comparisons of 2022 to 2021 and 2021 to 2020.
•Segment Results of Operations—Analysis of our results on a reportable segment basis for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 including comparisons of 2022 to 2021 and 2021 to 2020.
•Liquidity and Capital Resources—Discussions of our cash flows, including sources and uses of cash, for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, and of our outstanding debt, commitments and contingencies as of December 31, 2022.
•Critical Accounting Policies—Detail with respect to accounting policies that are considered by management to require significant judgment and use of estimates and that could have a significant impact on our financial statements.
•Legal Matters—Discussion of legal matters to which we are involved.
•Market Risk—Discussion of how we manage exposure to market and interest rate risks.






Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Overview
Operational Highlights 2022 vs. 2021
																										
Consolidated results of operations					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
GAAP:								
Revenues	$	30,154 			$	28,586 			$	1,568 			5 	%	
Operating income	$	2,342 			$	6,297 			$	(3,955)			(63)	%	
Net earnings from continuing operations
attributable to Paramount
	$	725 			$	4,381 			$	(3,656)			(83)	%	
Diluted EPS from continuing operations
attributable to Paramount
	$	1.03 			$	6.69 			$	(5.66)			(85)	%	
								
Non-GAAP: (a)
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	3,276 			$	4,444 			$	(1,168)			(26)	%	
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
attributable to Paramount
	$	1,171 			$	2,292 			$	(1,121)			(49)	%	
Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations
attributable to Paramount
	$	1.71 			$	3.48 			$	(1.77)			(51)	%	
(a) Certain items identified as affecting comparability are excluded in non-GAAP results. See “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures” for details of these items and reconciliations of non-GAAP results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”).
For 2022, revenues increased 5% to $30.15 billion, driven by significant growth in our streaming services, led by Paramount+, and higher theatrical revenues, reflecting the success of our 2022 releases, led by Top Gun: Maverick. These increases were partially offset by lower revenues from our linear networks, including the impact from the rotational nature of the rights to air the Super Bowl, which was broadcast on CBS in 2021 but another network in 2022. The absence of the Super Bowl negatively impacted the total revenue comparison by 2 percentage points. The revenue comparison also includes a 2 percentage point negative impact from foreign exchange rate changes.

Operating income for 2022 decreased 63% to $2.34 billion. This comparison was impacted by higher charges in 2022 for restructuring and other corporate matters, as well as lower gains on dispositions. Adjusted OIBDA, which excludes these items, decreased 26%, driven by our investment in our streaming services, and revenue declines from our linear networks, including from the comparison to the broadcast of the Super Bowl in 2021.

For 2022, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount and diluted EPS from continuing operations decreased 83% and 85%, respectively, from 2021, primarily as a result of the decline in operating income. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount and adjusted diluted EPS, which exclude the items impacting the comparability of operating income noted above, discrete tax benefits of $80 million in 2022 and $517 million in 2021, and the other items described under Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures for 2022, decreased 49% and 51%, respectively, primarily reflecting the lower Adjusted OIBDA.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures
Results for each of the years presented included certain items identified as affecting comparability. Adjusted OIBDA, adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount, and adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations (together, the “adjusted measures”) exclude the impact of these items and are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with GAAP. We use these measures to, among other things, evaluate our operating performance. These measures are among the primary measures used by management for planning and forecasting of future periods, and they are important indicators of our operational strength and business performance. In addition, we use Adjusted OIBDA to, among other things, value prospective acquisitions. We believe these measures are relevant and useful for investors because they allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by our management; provide a clearer perspective on our underlying performance; and make it easier for investors, analysts and peers to compare our operating performance to other companies in our industry and to compare our year-over-year results.

Because the adjusted measures are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, operating income, earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, provision for income taxes, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount or diluted EPS from continuing operations, as applicable, as indicators of operating performance. These measures, as we calculate them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies.

The following tables reconcile the adjusted measures to their most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Operating income (GAAP)	$	2,342 			$	6,297 			$	4,139 	
Depreciation and amortization (a)
	405 			390 			430 	
Restructuring and other corporate matters (b)
	585 			100 			618 	
Programming charges (b)
	— 			— 			159 	
Net gain on dispositions (b)
	(56)			(2,343)			(214)	
Adjusted OIBDA (Non-GAAP)	$	3,276 			$	4,444 			$	5,132 	
(a) 2022 and 2020 include impairment charges for FCC licenses of $27 million and $25 million, respectively, and 2020 includes accelerated depreciation of $12 million for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the merger of Viacom Inc. (“Viacom”) with and into CBS Corporation (“CBS”) (the “Merger”).
(b) See notes on the following tables for additional information on items affecting comparability.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																																															
	Year Ended December 31, 2022
	Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 		Provision for Income Taxes		Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount		Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations
Reported (GAAP)		$	1,266 					$	(227)					$	725 					$	1.03 		
Items affecting comparability:															
Restructuring and other corporate matters (a)
		585 					(137)					448 					.69 		
Impairment charge (b)
		27 					(7)					20 					.03 		
Gain on dispositions (c)
		(56)					14 					(42)					(.06)		
Loss from investments (d)
		9 					(1)					8 					.01 		
Loss on extinguishment of debt		120 					(28)					92 					.14 		
Discrete tax items (e)
		— 					(80)					(80)					(.13)		
Adjusted (Non-GAAP)		$	1,951 					$	(466)					$	1,171 					$	1.71 		
(a) Comprised of charges of $328 million for restructuring, as described under Restructuring and Other Corporate Matters, consisting of severance costs and the impairment of lease assets; $211 million associated with litigation described under Legal Matters—Stockholder Matters; and $46 million recorded following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022, principally to reserve against amounts due from counterparties in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine.
(b) Reflects a charge to reduce the carrying values of FCC licenses in two markets to their estimated fair values.
(c) Reflects a $41 million gain recognized upon the contribution of certain assets of Paramount+ in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (the “Nordics”) to SkyShowtime, our streaming joint venture (“SkyShowtime”) as well as gains totaling $15 million from the sale of international intangible assets and a working capital adjustment to the gain from the fourth quarter 2021 sale of CBS Studio Center.
(d) Reflects a loss on the sale of a 37.5% interest in The CW and an impairment of an investment sold in the fourth quarter of 2022.
(e) Primarily reflects a deferred tax benefit resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																																															
	Year Ended December 31, 2021
	Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 		Provision for Income Taxes		Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount		Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations
Reported (GAAP)		$	5,206 					$	(646)					$	4,381 					$	6.69 		
Items affecting comparability:															
Restructuring (a)
		100 					(25)					75 					.11 		
Net gain on dispositions (b)
		(2,343)					592 					(1,751)					(2.67)		
Gains from investments (c)
		(47)					11 					(36)					(.05)		
Loss on extinguishment of debt		128 					(30)					98 					.15 		
Pension settlement charge (d)
		10 					(2)					8 					.01 		
Discrete tax items (e)
		— 					(517)					(517)					(.79)		
Impairment of equity-method investment,
    net of tax		— 					— 					34 					.05 		
Impact of antidilution of Mandatory
   Convertible Preferred Stock (f)
		— 					— 					— 					(.02)		
Adjusted (Non-GAAP)		$	3,054 					$	(617)					$	2,292 					$	3.48 		
(a) Reflects severance costs and the impairment of lease assets.
(b) Primarily reflects gains on the sales of CBS Studio Center, 51 West 52nd Street, an office tower that was formerly the headquarters of CBS (“51 West 52nd Street”), and a noncore trademark licensing operation.
(c) Primarily reflects a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of an investment that was sold during the third quarter of 2021.
(d) Reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
(e) Primarily reflects a benefit of $260 million to remeasure our United Kingdom (“U.K.”) net deferred income tax asset as a result of the enactment of an increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% beginning April 1, 2023, a benefit of $229 million from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary, as well as a net tax benefit in connection with the settlement of income tax audits.
(f) The weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in the calculation of reported diluted EPS from continuing operations was 655 million and in the calculation of adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations was 646 million. These amounts differ because adjusted diluted EPS excludes the effect of the assumed conversion of our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock since the impact would have been antidilutive. As a result, in the calculation of adjusted diluted EPS, the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding does not include the assumed issuance of shares upon conversion of preferred stock, and preferred stock dividends recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 of $44 million are deducted from net earnings from continuing operations.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																																															
	Year Ended December 31, 2020
	Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 		Provision for Income Taxes		Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount		Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations
Reported (GAAP)		$	3,147 					$	(535)					$	2,305 					$	3.73 		
Items affecting comparability:															
Restructuring and other corporate matters (a)
		618 					(133)					485 					.79 		
Impairment charge (b)
		25 					(6)					19 					.03 		
Depreciation of abandoned technology (c)
		12 					(3)					9 					.01 		
Programming charges (d)
		159 					(39)					120 					.20 		
Gain on dispositions (e)
		(214)					31 					(183)					(.30)		
Net gains from investments (f)
		(206)					50 					(156)					(.25)		
Loss on extinguishment of debt		126 					(29)					97 					.16 		
Discrete tax items (g)
		— 					(110)					(110)					(.18)		
Impairment of equity-method investment,
    net of tax		— 					— 					9 					.01 		
Adjusted (Non-GAAP)		$	3,667 					$	(774)					$	2,595 					$	4.20 		
(a) Comprised of charges of $542 million for restructuring, consisting of severance costs, the impairment of lease assets and other exit costs; costs of $56 million incurred in connection with the Merger; and charges of $15 million to write down property and equipment that was classified as held for sale and $5 million for other corporate matters.
(b) Reflects a charge to reduce the carrying values of FCC licenses in two markets to their estimated fair values.
(c) Reflects accelerated depreciation for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the Merger.
(d) Primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to the coronavirus pandemic (“COVID-19”).
(e) Reflects a gain on the sale of CNET Media Group (“CMG”).
(f) Primarily reflects an increase in the value of our investment in fuboTV, Inc. (“fuboTV”), which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020.
(g) Primarily reflects a benefit from the remeasurement of our U.K. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter of 2020.
Consolidated Results of Operations - 2022 vs. 2021
Revenues
																																																		
Revenues by Type			% of Total				% of Total		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		Revenues		2021		Revenues		$		%	
Advertising	$	10,890 				36 	%			$	11,412 				40 	%			$	(522)			(5)	%	
Affiliate and subscription	11,551 				38 				10,442 				36 				1,109 			11 		
Theatrical	1,223 				4 				241 				1 				982 			407 		
Licensing and other	6,490 				22 				6,491 				23 				(1)			— 		
Total Revenues	$	30,154 				100 	%			$	28,586 				100 	%			$	1,568 			5 	%	
Advertising
Advertising revenues are generated primarily from the sale of advertising spots on our global broadcast and cable networks, television stations, and streaming services. For 2022, the 5% decrease in advertising revenues principally reflects the rotational nature of the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl, which aired on CBS in 2021



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

but another network in 2022, resulting in a negative impact on the advertising comparison of 4 percentage points. The advertising revenue comparison also includes a negative impact of 2 percentage points from unfavorable foreign exchange rate changes.

Affiliate and Subscription
Affiliate and subscription revenues are principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) and third-party live television streaming services (“virtual MVPDs” or “vMVPDs”) for carriage of our cable networks (cable affiliate fees) and our owned television stations (retransmission fees), fees received from television stations for their affiliation with the CBS Television Network (“reverse compensation”), and subscription fees for our streaming services. For 2022, affiliate and subscription revenues increased 11% driven by growth in subscribers for our streaming services of 21.2 million, or 38%, to 77.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 56.1 million at December 31, 2021, led by an increase of 23.1 million for Paramount+ to 55.9 million at December 31, 2022. The increase was partially offset by lower affiliate fees for our linear networks.

Theatrical
Theatrical revenues are principally earned from the worldwide theatrical distribution of films through audience ticket sales. For 2022, theatrical revenues increased $982 million driven by the success of our 2022 releases, led by Top Gun: Maverick, as well as Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Smile and The Lost City. We had fewer theatrical releases in 2021, due to the impacts from COVID-19 on movie theaters and film production. Releases in 2021 included A Quiet Place Part II and PAW Patrol: The Movie.

Licensing and Other
Licensing and other revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of the rights to exhibit our internally-produced television and film programming on various platforms in the secondary market after its initial exhibition on our owned or third-party platforms; license fees from content produced or distributed for third parties; home entertainment revenues, which include the viewing of our content on a transactional basis through transactional video-on-demand (TVOD) and electronic sell-through services and the sale and distribution of our content through DVDs and Blu-ray discs to wholesale and retail partners; fees from the use of our trademarks and brands for consumer products, recreation and live events; and revenues from the rental of production facilities. Licensing and other revenues for 2022 of $6.49 billion remained flat compared with 2021.

Operating Expenses
																																																		
			% of				% of			
Operating Expenses by Type			Operating				Operating		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		Expenses		2021		Expenses		$		%	
Content costs	$	15,980 				81 	%			$	14,703 				83 	%			$	1,277 			9 	%	
Distribution and other	3,865 				19 				3,041 				17 				824 			27 		
Total Operating Expenses	$	19,845 				100 	%			$	17,744 				100 	%			$	2,101 			12 	%	
Content Costs
Content costs include the amortization of costs of internally-produced television and theatrical film content; amortization of acquired program rights; other television production costs, including on-air talent; and participation and residuals expenses, which reflect amounts owed to talent and other participants in our content pursuant to contractual and collective bargaining arrangements.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

For 2022, content costs increased 9% reflecting investment in content for our streaming services and higher costs associated with theatrical releases, partially offset by costs in 2021 from CBS’ broadcast of the Super Bowl.

In January 2023, we announced that we will be fully integrating Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. In connection with this plan, we have undertaken a comprehensive strategic review of the combined content portfolio of Showtime and Paramount+. At the same time, we are rationalizing and right-sizing our international operations to align with our streaming strategy, and closing or globalizing certain of our international channels. We plan to complete this review in the first quarter of 2023 and abandon or remove from our platforms certain content, which will result in charges for the impairment or abandonment of the affected content, which we estimate will be approximately $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.

Distribution and Other
Distribution and other operating expenses primarily include costs relating to the distribution of our content, including print and advertising for theatrical releases and costs for third-party distribution; compensation; revenue-sharing costs to television stations affiliated with the CBS Television Network; and other ancillary and overhead costs associated with our operations.

For 2022, distribution and other expenses increased 27% primarily reflecting higher costs associated with theatrical content as well as the growth of our streaming services, including costs for third-party distribution and to support the international expansion of our streaming services.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Selling, general and administrative expenses	$	7,033 			$	6,398 			$	635 			10 	%	
Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses include costs incurred for advertising, marketing, occupancy, professional service fees, and back office support, including employee compensation and technology. The 10% increase in SG&A expenses in 2022 was driven by advertising, marketing and other cost increases to support the growth and expansion of our streaming services.

Depreciation and Amortization
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Depreciation and amortization	$	405 			$	390 			$	15 			4 	%	
Depreciation and amortization expense reflects depreciation of fixed assets, including equipment under finance leases, amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, and impairment of fixed and intangible assets, when applicable. For 2022, amortization expense included an impairment charge of $27 million in the TV Media segment to write down the carrying values of FCC licenses in two markets to their estimated fair values. The impairment charge was the result of a higher discount rate utilized in our annual impairment tests, reflecting the impacts of market volatility and higher interest rates.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Restructuring and Other Corporate Matters
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded the following costs associated with restructuring and other corporate matters.
											
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021
Severance (a)
	$	260 			$	65 	
Lease impairments and other exit costs	68 			35 	
Restructuring charges	328 			100 	
Other corporate matters	257 			— 	
Restructuring and other corporate matters	$	585 			$	100 	
(a) Severance costs include the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation.
Since the Merger, we have implemented a series of initiatives designed to integrate and transform our operations, including changes in our management structure, some of which resulted in changes to our operating segments (see Segments). These initiatives led to restructuring actions, and as a result, we recorded restructuring charges of $260 million and $65 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for severance associated with the elimination of positions and changes in management. In 2022, the actions giving rise to the restructuring charges are primarily associated with our segment realignment, our plan to integrate Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms, and restructuring of our international operations. In addition, since the Merger we have been consolidating our real estate portfolio to reduce our real estate footprint and create cost synergies. In connection with this consolidation, we identified lease assets that we determined we would not use and instead sublease or terminate early, which resulted in lease impairment charges of $68 million and $35 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Additionally, in 2022, we recorded charges for other corporate matters of $257 million, consisting of $211 million associated with litigation described under Legal Matters—Stockholder Matters and $46 million recorded following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022, principally to reserve against amounts due from counterparties in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine.

Net Gain on Dispositions
During 2022, we recorded a gain of $41 million relating to the contribution of certain assets of Paramount+ in the Nordics to SkyShowtime. Also in 2022, we recorded gains on dispositions totaling $15 million, comprised of a gain from the sale of international intangible assets and a working capital adjustment to the gain from the fourth quarter 2021 sale of CBS Studio Center.

During 2021, we completed the sale of 51 West 52nd Street to Harbor Group International, LLC, for $760 million. This transaction resulted in a gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $523 million.

Also in 2021, we completed the sale of CBS Studio Center to Hackman Capital Partners, LLC and Square Mile Capital Management, LLC for $1.85 billion. This transaction resulted in a gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $1.70 billion.

In addition, during 2021 we recognized a net gain of $117 million, principally relating to the sale of a noncore trademark licensing operation.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Interest Expense and Interest Income
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Interest expense	$	931 			$	986 			$	(55)			(6)	%	
Interest income	$	108 			$	53 			$	55 			104 	%	
The following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
																																						
			Weighted Average				Weighted Average	
At December 31,	2022		Interest Rate		2021		Interest Rate	
Total long-term debt	$	15,781 				5.13 	%			$	17,658 				4.93 	%		
Other bank borrowings	$	55 				7.09 	%			$	35 				3.50 	%		
Net Gains (Losses) from Investments
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Net gains (losses) from investments	$	(9)			$	47 			$	(56)			(119)	%	
Net gains (losses) from investment for 2022 includes a loss of $4 million on the sale of a 37.5% interest in The CW, which is principally comprised of transaction costs, and a $5 million impairment of an investment that was sold during the fourth quarter of 2022. Net gains (losses) from investments for 2021 primarily includes a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of a marketable security that was sold during the third quarter of 2021.

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt
For 2022 and 2021, we recorded losses on extinguishment of debt of $120 million and $128 million, respectively, associated with the early redemption of long-term debt of $2.91 billion in 2022 and $1.99 billion in 2021.

Other Items, Net
The following table presents the components of Other items, net.
											
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021
Pension and postretirement benefit costs	$	(65)			$	(43)	
Foreign exchange losses	(58)			(26)	
Pension settlement charge (a)
	— 			(10)	
Other	(1)			2 	
Other items, net	$	(124)			$	(77)	
(a) Reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
Provision for Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies. For 2022, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $227 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 17.9%. Included in the provision for



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

income taxes was a net discrete tax benefit of $80 million, primarily resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations. This net discrete tax benefit, together with a net tax benefit of $159 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, which primarily consist of restructuring and other corporate matters, reduced our effective income tax rate by 6.0 percentage points.

For 2021, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $646 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 12.4%. Included in the provision for income taxes was a net discrete tax benefit of $517 million, which includes a benefit of $260 million to remeasure our U.K. net deferred income tax asset as a result of the enactment during the second quarter of 2021 of an increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% beginning April 1, 2023, a benefit of $229 million from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary, as well as a net tax benefit in connection with the settlement of income tax audits. The net discrete tax benefit of $517 million, together with a net tax provision of $546 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, which principally include net gains on dispositions, reduced our effective income tax rate by 7.8 percentage points.

Equity in Loss of Investee Companies, Net of Tax
The following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Equity in loss of investee companies	$	(237)			$	(140)			$	(97)			(69)	%	
Tax benefit	33 			49 			(16)			(33)		
Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax	$	(204)			$	(91)			$	(113)			(124)	%	
For 2022, the increase in equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax was driven by our investment in SkyShowtime.
For 2021, equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax includes an impairment charge of $34 million relating to a television joint venture.

Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount and Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to
    Paramount	$	725 			$	4,381 			$	(3,656)			(83)	%	
Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to
    Paramount	$	1.03 			$	6.69 			$	(5.66)			(85)	%	
For 2022, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount and diluted EPS from continuing operations decreased 83% and 85%, respectively, driven by the decrease in operating income, including the comparison to net gains on dispositions totaling $2.34 billion in 2021.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations
In November 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our publishing business, Simon & Schuster, which was previously reported as the Publishing segment, to Penguin Random House LLC (“Penguin Random House”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. As a result, we began presenting Simon & Schuster as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for the fourth quarter of 2020. In November 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to block the sale and in October 2022 the Court ruled in favor of the DOJ. In November 2022, we terminated the agreement and in accordance with its terms, subsequently received a $200 million termination fee (see Legal Matters). Simon & Schuster remains a noncore asset as it does not fit strategically within our video-based portfolio. We expect to enter into a new agreement to sell Simon & Schuster in 2023. Assuming that we do so, closing would be subject to closing conditions that would include regulatory approval. Simon & Schuster continues to be presented as a discontinued operation for all periods presented.

The following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2022	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	1,177 				$	— 				$	1,177 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		746 				(30)				716 	
Selling, general and administrative 		180 				— 				180 	
Restructuring charges		3 				— 				3 	
Total costs and expenses		929 				(30)				899 	
Operating income		248 				30 				278 	
Termination fee, net of advisory fees		190 				— 				190 	
Other items, net		(12)				— 				(12)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		426 				30 				456 	
Income tax provision		(70)				(7)				(77)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	356 				$	23 				$	379 	
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2021	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	993 				$	— 				$	993 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		618 				(16)				602 	
Selling, general and administrative 		158 				— 				158 	
Depreciation and amortization		3 				— 				3 	
Restructuring charges		1 				— 				1 	
Total costs and expenses		780 				(16)				764 	
Operating income		213 				16 				229 	
Other items, net		(10)				— 				(10)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		203 				16 				219 	
Income tax provision		(46)				(11)				(57)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	157 				$	5 				$	162 	
(a) Primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of Famous Players Inc. (“Famous Players”).




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Consolidated Results of Operations— 2021 vs. 2020
Revenues
																																																		
Revenues by Type			% of Total				% of Total		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		Revenues		2020		Revenues		$		%	
Advertising	$	11,412 				40 	%			$	9,751 				39 	%			$	1,661 			17 	%	
Affiliate and subscription	10,442 				36 				9,166 				36 				1,276 			14 		
Theatrical	241 				1 				180 				1 				61 			34 		
Licensing and other	6,491 				23 				6,188 				24 				303 			5 		
Total Revenues	$	28,586 				100 	%			$	25,285 				100 	%			$	3,301 			13 	%	
Advertising
For 2021, the 17% increase in advertising revenues was driven by the benefit in 2021 from CBS’ broadcasts of Super Bowl LV and NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Championship (the “NCAA Tournament”) games for which there were no comparable broadcasts on CBS in 2020 and higher advertising for Pluto TV and Paramount+. We have the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl and the national semi-finals and championship games of the NCAA Tournament on a rotational basis with other networks, including in 2021. Additionally, while we share the games in the preceding rounds of the NCAA Tournament with Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (“Turner”) each year, COVID-19 caused the cancellation of the NCAA Tournament in 2020. These noncomparable sporting events contributed 8 percentage points of the advertising revenue increase for 2021. The advertising revenue growth also reflected higher pricing and demand compared with 2020, which was negatively impacted by COVID-19. These increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions for our domestic networks and lower political advertising sales, reflecting the benefit to 2020 from the U.S. Presidential election.
Affiliate and Subscription
For 2021, affiliate and subscription revenues increased 14% driven by growth in subscribers for our streaming services of 26.2 million to 56.1 million at December 31, 2021 from 29.9 million at December 31, 2020, led by an increase of 21.1 million for Paramount+ to 32.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase also reflects higher affiliate fees for our linear networks, driven by rate increases, the launch of our basic cable networks in June 2020 and April 2021 on two vMVPDs, growth in reverse compensation, and higher revenues from pay-per-view boxing events, partially offset by the impact from subscriber declines.

Theatrical
For 2021, the 34% increase in theatrical revenues reflects the benefit from 2021 releases including A Quiet Place Part II and PAW Patrol: The Movie, while 2020 was impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters in response to COVID-19, following the release of Sonic the Hedgehog in the first quarter of 2020, and throughout the remainder of the year.

Licensing and Other
For 2021, licensing and other revenues increased 5%, reflecting a higher volume of licensing, including from the timing of program availabilities as a result of production shutdowns in 2020 because of COVID-19, and increased licensing for consumer products. These increases were partially offset by the benefit to 2020 from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to South Park.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Operating Expenses
																																																		
			% of				% of			
Operating Expenses by Type			Operating				Operating		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		Expense		2020		Expense		$		%	
Content costs	$	14,703 				83 	%			$	11,933 				80 	%			$	2,770 			23 	%	
Programming charges	— 				— 				159 				1 				(159)			n/m	
Distribution and other	3,041 				17 				2,900 				19 				141 			5 		
Total Operating Expenses	$	17,744 				100 	%			$	14,992 				100 	%			$	2,752 			18 	%	
n/m - not meaningful
Content Costs
For 2021, the 23% increase in production expenses was primarily a result of an increased investment in content for our streaming services; the timing of production, as 2020 was impacted by shutdowns as a result of COVID-19; higher sports programming costs, principally associated with noncomparable sporting events; and higher costs associated with increased licensing revenues and the mix of titles licensed in each year.

Programming Charges
During 2020, we recorded programming charges of $159 million primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to COVID-19.

Distribution and Other
For 2021, the 5% increase was a result of cost increases associated with the growth of our streaming services.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Selling, general and administrative expenses	$	6,398 			$	5,320 			$	1,078 			20 	%	
For 2021, the 20% increase in SG&A expenses was driven by advertising, marketing and other cost increases to support the growth and expansion of our streaming services, including the March 2021 launch of Paramount+. The increase also reflects higher advertising and marketing costs to promote the increased level of original programming in 2021.
Depreciation and Amortization
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Depreciation and amortization	$	390 			$	430 			$	(40)			(9)	%	
For 2020, amortization expense included an impairment charge of $25 million in the TV Media segment to write down the carrying values of FCC licenses in two markets to their estimated fair values and accelerated depreciation of $12 million resulting from the abandonment of technology in connection with synergy plans related to the Merger.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Restructuring and Other Corporate Matters
During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded the following costs associated with restructuring and other corporate matters.
											
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020
Severance (a)
	$	65 			$	472 	
Lease impairments and other exit costs	35 			70 	
Restructuring charges	100 			542 	
Merger-related costs	— 			56 	
Other corporate matters	— 			20 	
Restructuring and other corporate matters	$	100 			$	618 	
(a) Severance costs include the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we recorded restructuring charges of $65 million and $472 million for severance associated with the elimination of positions and changes in management, as well as lease impairment charges of $35 million and $42 million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we also recorded other exit costs of $28 million resulting from the termination of contractual obligations.

Additionally, in 2020, we incurred costs of $56 million in connection with the Merger, consisting of professional fees mainly associated with integration activities, as well as transaction-related bonuses. We also incurred costs of $5 million for professional fees associated with dispositions and other corporate matters, and we recorded a charge of $15 million to write down property and equipment, which was classified as held for sale in 2020, to its fair value less costs to sell.

Net Gain on Dispositions
During 2021, we completed the sale of 51 West 52nd Street to Harbor Group International, LLC, for $760 million. This transaction resulted in a gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $523 million.

Also in 2021, we completed the sale of CBS Studio Center to Hackman Capital Partners, LLC and Square Mile Capital Management, LLC for $1.85 billion. This transaction resulted in a gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $1.70 billion.

In addition, during 2021 we recognized a net gain of $117 million, principally relating to the sale of a noncore trademark licensing operation.

In October 2020, we completed the sale of CMG to Red Ventures for $484 million. This transaction resulted in a gain of $214 million.

Interest Expense and Interest Income
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Interest expense	$	986 			$	1,031 			$	(45)			(4)	%	
Interest income	$	53 			$	60 			$	(7)			(12)	%	



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
																																						
			Weighted Average				Weighted Average	
At December 31,	2021		Interest Rate		2020		Interest Rate	
Total long-term debt 	$	17,658 				4.93 	%			$	19,612 				4.80 	%		
Other bank borrowings	$	35 				3.50 	%			$	95 				3.50 	%		
Net Gains from Investments
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Net gains from investments	$	47 			$	206 			$	(159)			(77)	%	
For 2021, net gains from investments primarily include a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of a marketable security that was sold during the third quarter of 2021. For 2020, net gains from investments primarily reflect an increase of $213 million in the fair value of our investment in fuboTV, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt
For 2021 and 2020, we recorded losses on extinguishment of debt of $128 million and $126 million, respectively, associated with the early redemption of long-term debt of $1.99 billion in 2021 and $2.77 billion in 2020.

Other Items, Net
The following table presents the components of Other items, net.
											
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020
Pension and postretirement benefit costs	$	(43)			$	(69)	
Foreign exchange losses	(26)			(35)	
Pension settlement charge (a)
	(10)			— 	
Other	2 			3 	
Other items, net	$	(77)			$	(101)	
(a) Reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
Provision for Income Taxes
For 2021, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $646 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 12.4%. Included in the provision for income taxes was a net discrete tax benefit of $517 million, which includes a benefit of $260 million to remeasure our U.K. net deferred income tax asset as a result of the enactment during the second quarter of 2021 of an increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% beginning April 1, 2023, a benefit of $229 million from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary, as well as a net tax benefit in connection with the settlement of income tax audits. The net discrete tax benefit of $517 million, together with a net tax provision of $546 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, which principally include net gains on dispositions, reduced our effective income tax rate by 7.8 percentage points.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

For 2020, the provision for income taxes was $535 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 17.0%. Included in the provision for income taxes was a net discrete tax benefit of $110 million, primarily consisting of a benefit of $100 million to remeasure our U.K. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the UK corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter of 2020, as well as a tax benefit of $13 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2019 tax returns. These items, together with a net tax benefit of $129 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, including restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges, loss on extinguishment of debt and net gains from dispositions and investments, reduced our effective income tax rate by 4.1 percentage points.

Equity in Loss of Investee Companies, Net of Tax
The following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Equity in loss of investee companies	$	(140)			$	(47)			$	(93)			(198)	%	
Tax benefit	49 			19 			30 			158 		
Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax	$	(91)			$	(28)			$	(63)			(225)	%	
For 2021 and 2020, equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax includes impairment charges of $34 million and $9 million, respectively, relating to television joint ventures.

Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
											
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020
Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests	$	(88)			$	(279)	
For 2020, net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects our joint venture partners’ share of profit from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to South Park to a streaming service.

Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount and Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations Attributable to Paramount
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to
   Paramount	$	4,381 			$	2,305 			$	2,076 			90 	%	
Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to
   Paramount	$	6.69 			$	3.73 			$	2.96 			79 	%	
For 2021, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Paramount and diluted EPS from continuing operations increased 90% and 79%, respectively, primarily driven by the above-mentioned gains on dispositions of $1.75 billion, net of tax and higher discrete tax benefits in 2021. The diluted EPS comparison also includes the effect of higher weighted average shares outstanding as a result of stock issuances in the first quarter of 2021, which negatively impacted EPS for 2021 by $.26.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations
The following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2021	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	993 				$	— 				$	993 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		618 				(16)				602 	
Selling, general and administrative 		158 				— 				158 	
Depreciation and amortization		3 				— 				3 	
Restructuring charges		1 				— 				1 	
Total costs and expenses		780 				(16)				764 	
Operating income		213 				16 				229 	
Other items, net		(10)				— 				(10)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		203 				16 				219 	
Income tax provision		(46)				(11)				(57)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	157 				$	5 				$	162 	
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2020	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	901 				$	— 				$	901 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		573 				(19)				554 	
Selling, general and administrative 		172 				— 				172 	
Depreciation and amortization		5 				— 				5 	
Restructuring charges		10 				— 				10 	
Total costs and expenses		760 				(19)				741 	
Operating income		141 				19 				160 	
Other items, net		(5)				— 				(5)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		136 				19 				155 	
Income tax provision		(34)				(4)				(38)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	102 				$	15 				$	117 	
(a) Primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of Famous Players.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Segments
Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of our increased strategic focus on our direct-to-consumer streaming businesses, we made certain changes to how we manage our businesses and allocate resources that resulted in a change to our operating segments. Our management structure was reorganized to focus on managing our business as the combination of three parts: a traditional media business, a portfolio of domestic and international streaming services, and a film studio. Accordingly, beginning in 2022, and for all periods presented we are reporting results based on the following segments:
 
TV Media—Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) broadcast operations — the CBS Television Network, our domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, our owned television stations; and our international free-to-air networks, Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe, and Chilevisión; (2) premium and basic cable networks, including Showtime, MTV, Comedy Central, Paramount Network, The Smithsonian Channel, Nickelodeon, BET Media Group, CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of certain of these brands; (3) domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios and MTV Entertainment Studios as well as CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming. TV Media also includes a number of digital properties such as CBS News Streaming and CBS Sports HQ.

Direct-to-Consumer—Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of our portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime Networks’ premium subscription streaming service (“Showtime OTT”), BET+ and Noggin.

Filmed Entertainment—Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, Awesomeness and Miramax.

In January 2023, we announced that we will be fully integrating Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023.

We present operating income excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, costs for restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges and net gain on dispositions, each where applicable (“Adjusted OIBDA”), as the primary measure of profit and loss for our operating segments in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board guidance for segment reporting since it is the primary method used by our management. Stock-based compensation is excluded from our segment measure of profit and loss because it is set and approved by our Board of Directors in consultation with corporate executive management. Stock-based compensation is included as a component of our consolidated Adjusted OIBDA. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures for a reconciliation of total Adjusted OIBDA to Operating Income, the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Segment Results of Operations - 2022 vs. 2021
																																																		
			% of Total				% of Total		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		Revenues		2021		Revenues		$		%	
Revenues:																
TV Media	$	21,732 				72 	%			$	22,734 				80 	%			$	(1,002)			(4)	%	
Direct-to-Consumer	4,904 				16 				3,327 				12 				1,577 			47 		
Filmed Entertainment	3,706 				13 				2,687 				9 				1,019 			38 		
Eliminations	(188)				(1)				(162)				(1)				(26)			(16)		
Total Revenues	$	30,154 				100 	%			$	28,586 				100 	%			$	1,568 			5 	%	
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Adjusted OIBDA:								
TV Media	$	5,451 			$	5,892 			$	(441)			(7)	%	
Direct-to-Consumer	(1,819)			(992)			(827)			(83)		
Filmed Entertainment	272 			207 			65 			31 		
Corporate/Eliminations	(470)			(491)			21 			4 		
Stock-based compensation	(158)			(172)			14 			8 		
Total Adjusted OIBDA	3,276 			4,444 			(1,168)			(26)		
Depreciation and amortization	(405)			(390)			(15)			(4)		
Restructuring and other corporate matters	(585)			(100)			(485)			(485)		
Net gain on dispositions	56 			2,343 			(2,287)			(98)		
Total Operating Income	$	2,342 			$	6,297 			$	(3,955)			(63)	%	



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

TV Media
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Advertising	$	9,350 			$	10,105 			$	(755)			(7)	%	
Affiliate and subscription	8,180 			8,413 			(233)			(3)		
Licensing and other	4,202 			4,216 			(14)			— 		
Revenues	$	21,732 			$	22,734 			$	(1,002)			(4)	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	5,451 			$	5,892 			$	(441)			(7)	%	
Revenues
For 2022, revenues decreased 4%, primarily reflecting lower advertising revenues, driven by the comparison against CBS’ broadcast of the Super Bowl in 2021, which negatively impacted the total revenue comparison by 2 percentage points.
Advertising
The 7% decrease in advertising revenues was driven by the rotational nature of the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl, which aired on CBS in 2021 but another network in 2022, resulting in a negative impact on the advertising revenue comparison of 4 percentage points. Additionally, declines for our domestic networks from lower impressions were only partially offset by higher pricing, reflecting softness in the advertising market. The decline also reflects unfavorable foreign exchange rate changes, which negatively impacted the total advertising revenue comparison by 1 percentage point. These decreases were partially offset by higher advertising for our local televisions stations, which benefited the total advertising revenue comparison by 1 percentage point, driven by higher political advertising sales. The total advertising revenue comparison also includes the benefit from the acquisition of Chilevisión in the third quarter of 2021.

Affiliate and Subscription
The 3% decrease in affiliate and subscription revenues mainly reflects lower international affiliate revenues, driven by the restructuring of certain affiliate agreements, resulting in a shift of revenue from our pay television services to our streaming services; unfavorable foreign exchange rate changes, which negatively impacted the total affiliate and subscription revenue comparison by 1 percentage point; and the absence of revenues in Russia after we suspended our operations following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022. Domestic affiliate revenues contributed 1% of the decline, primarily reflecting lower revenues from pay-per-view boxing events, as the impact from lower domestic subscribers was substantially offset by rate increases, growth in reverse compensation, and the launch of our basic cable networks on a vMVPD in April 2021.

Licensing and Other
Licensing and other revenues for 2022 of $4.20 billion were essentially flat compared with 2021.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA decreased 7%, primarily reflecting the benefit to 2021 from the broadcast of the Super Bowl as well as declines in other advertising revenues and affiliate revenues.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Direct-to-Consumer
																										
(in millions)						
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		Increase/(Decrease)	
Advertising
	$	1,533 			$	1,298 			$	235 			18 	%	
Subscription	3,371 			2,029 			1,342 			66 		
Revenues	$	4,904 			$	3,327 			$	1,577 			47 	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	(1,819)			$	(992)			$	(827)			(83)	%	
								
Global Streaming Subscribers (a)
	77.3 			56.1 			21.2 			38 	%	
																										
(in millions)						
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		Increase/(Decrease)	
Paramount+ (Global)								
Subscribers (a)
	55.9 			32.8 			23.1 			70 	%	
								
Revenues	$	2,767 			$	1,347 			$	1,420 			105 	%	
								
Pluto TV (Global)								
MAUs (b)
	78.5 			64.4 			14.1 			22 	%	
								
Revenues	$	1,112 			$	1,059 			$	53 			5 	%	
(a) Our streaming subscribers include customers with access to our domestic or international streaming services, either directly through our owned and operated apps and websites, or through third-party distributors. Our subscribers include paid subscriptions and those customers registered in a free trial, and subscribers are considered unique to each of our services, whether offered individually or as part of a bundle. For the periods above, subscriber counts reflect the number of subscribers as of the applicable period-end date. Global streaming subscribers include subscribers for Paramount+, Showtime OTT and all other subscription streaming services.    
(b) The Monthly Active Users (“MAUs”) count reflects the number of unique devices interacting with the Pluto TV service in a calendar month, and for the periods above reflects the MAU count for the last month of the applicable period.
Revenues
For 2022, revenues increased 47%, led by growth from Paramount+.

Advertising
The 18% increase in advertising revenues was driven by higher impressions, reflecting the benefit from growth in Paramount+ subscribers.

Pluto TV global MAUs were 78.5 million for December 2022, reflecting growth of 14.1 million, or 22%, from 64.4 million for December 2021, and 6.5 million, or 9%, from 72.0 million for September 2022.

Subscription
The 66% increase in subscription revenues was driven by growth from Paramount+, Showtime OTT, and BET+. Global streaming subscribers grew 21.2 million, or 38%, compared with December 31, 2021, led by an increase of 23.1 million, or 70%, for Paramount+, reflecting significant growth in U.S. subscribers and the impact from launches in international markets. Subscriber growth was impacted by the removal of 1.9 million Paramount+ subscribers following the September 2022 launch of the SkyShowtime streaming service in the Nordics, where it replaced Paramount+ in the market. Growth in subscribers was also impacted by the removal of 3.9 million global



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

streaming subscribers (including 1.2 million for Paramount+) in Russia, where we suspended our operations following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022.

During the fourth quarter, global streaming subscribers increased 10.8 million, or 16%, to 77.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 66.5 million at September 30, 2022, and Paramount+ subscribers grew 9.9 million, or 22%, to 55.9 million, driven by launches in international markets as well as growth in U.S. subscribers, reflecting the strength of content premieres in the quarter, including Tulsa King, 1923 and Top Gun: Maverick.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA decreased $827 million, as revenue growth was more than offset by higher costs to support growth in our streaming services including content, marketing, distribution, employee and technology costs.
Filmed Entertainment
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		$		%	
Advertising	$	23 			$	18 			$	5 			28 	%	
Theatrical	1,223 			241 			982 			407 		
Licensing and other	2,460 			2,428 			32 			1 		
Revenues	$	3,706 			$	2,687 			$	1,019 			38 	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	272 			$	207 			$	65 			31 	%	
Revenues
For 2022, the 38% increase in revenues was primarily driven by the success of Top Gun: Maverick.

Theatrical
The $982 million increase in theatrical revenues was driven by the success of our 2022 releases, led by Top Gun: Maverick. We released eight films in 2022, including Top Gun: Maverick, as well as Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Smile, and The Lost City, compared with four films in 2021, including A Quiet Place Part II and PAW Patrol: The Movie. The lower number of theatrical releases in 2021 was due to the impacts from COVID-19 on movie theaters and film production.

Licensing and Other
The 1% increase in licensing and other revenues primarily reflects higher licensing of recent theatrical releases in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by the success of Top Gun: Maverick in the digital home entertainment market, partially offset by the licensing of Coming 2 America and Tom Clancy’s Without Remorse in 2021 and lower revenues from the licensing of library titles.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA increased 31%, mainly reflecting higher profits from 2022 releases, partially offset by lower profits from the licensing of library titles.
Fluctuations in results for the Filmed Entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of distribution costs, including print and advertising, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film’s theatrical exhibition and distribution to other platforms.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Segment Results of Operations - 2021 vs. 2020
																																																		
			% of Total				% of Total		Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		Revenues		2020		Revenues		$		%	
Revenues:																
TV Media	$	22,734 				80 	%			$	21,120 				83 	%			$	1,614 			8 	%	
Direct-to-Consumer	3,327 				12 				1,815 				7 				1,512 			83 		
Filmed Entertainment	2,687 				9 				2,470 				10 				217 			9 		
Corporate/Eliminations	(162)				(1)				(120)				— 				(42)			(35)		
Total Revenues	$	28,586 				100 	%			$	25,285 				100 	%			$	3,301 			13 	%	
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Adjusted OIBDA:								
TV Media	$	5,892 			$	5,816 			$	76 			1 	%	
Direct-to-Consumer	(992)			(171)			(821)			(480)		
Filmed Entertainment	207 			158 			49 			31 		
Corporate/Eliminations	(491)			(485)			(6)			(1)		
Stock-based compensation	(172)			(186)			14 			8 		
Total Adjusted OIBDA	4,444 			5,132 			(688)			(13)		
Depreciation and amortization	(390)			(430)			40 			9 		
Restructuring and other corporate matters	(100)			(618)			518 			84 		
Programming charges	— 			(159)			159 			n/m	
Net gain on dispositions	2,343 			214 			2,129 			n/m	
Total Operating Income	$	6,297 			$	4,139 			$	2,158 			52 	%	
n/m - not meaningful



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

TV Media
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Advertising	$	10,105 			$	9,062 			$	1,043 			12 	%	
Affiliate and subscription	8,413 			8,037 			376 			5 		
Licensing and other	4,216 			4,021 			195 			5 		
Revenues	$	22,734 			$	21,120 			$	1,614 			8 	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	5,892 			$	5,816 			$	76 			1 	%	

Revenues
For 2021, revenues increased 8%, reflecting growth across all revenue streams, led by increased advertising revenues, including from CBS’ broadcasts of tentpole sporting events for which there were no comparable broadcasts on CBS in 2020.
Advertising
The 12% increase in advertising revenues was driven by CBS’ broadcasts in 2021 of sporting events for which there were no comparable broadcasts on CBS in 2020, including Super Bowl LV and NCAA Tournament games. We have the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl and the national semi-finals and championship games of the NCAA Tournament on a rotational basis. The Super Bowl aired on CBS in 2021 but another network in 2020. The national semi-finals and championship games of the NCAA Tournament also aired on CBS in 2021, but COVID-19 caused the cancellation of the NCAA Tournament in 2020, including the games in the preceding rounds of the NCAA Tournament that we share with Turner each year. The advertising revenue growth also reflected higher pricing and demand compared with 2020, which was negatively impacted by COVID-19, as well as a higher level of original programming broadcast in 2021. These increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions for our domestic networks and lower political advertising sales.

Affiliate and Subscription
The 5% increase in affiliate and subscription revenues was driven by rate increases, the launch of our basic cable networks in June 2020 and April 2021 on two vMVPDs, growth in reverse compensation, and higher revenues from pay-per-view boxing events, partially offset by the impact from subscriber declines.

Licensing and Other
Licensing and other revenues increased 5%, driven by the timing of program availabilities, primarily from the impact of production shutdowns in 2020 due to COVID-19, as well as higher domestic licensing in the secondary market, reflecting the benefit from several significant licensing arrangements in 2021, including for NCIS and Bull. The increase was partially offset by the comparison against the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to South Park in 2020.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA increased 1% as the higher revenues were substantially offset by higher costs associated with sports broadcasts, more original programming and higher licensing revenues in 2021.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Direct-to-Consumer
																										
(in millions)						
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		Increase/(Decrease)	
Advertising	$	1,298 			$	686 			$	612 			89 	%	
Subscription	2,029 			1,129 			900 			80 		
Revenues	$	3,327 			$	1,815 			$	1,512 			83 	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	(992)			$	(171)			$	(821)			(480)	%	
								
Global Streaming Subscribers
	56.1 			29.9 			26.2 			88 	%	
																										
(in millions)						
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		Increase/(Decrease)	
Paramount+ (Global) (a)
								
Subscribers
	32.8 			11.7 			21.1 			180 	%	
								
Revenues	$	1,347 			$	627 			$	720 			115 	%	
								
Pluto TV (Global)								
MAUs
	64.4 			43.1 			21.3 			49 	%	
								
Revenues	$	1,059 			$	562 			$	497 			88 	%	
(a) Prior to its rebranding in March 2021 Paramount+ was named CBS All Access.
Revenues
For 2021, revenues increased 83% reflecting growth across our streaming services.

Advertising
The 89% increase in advertising revenues reflects growth from Pluto TV and Paramount+. Pluto TV global MAUs were 64.4 million for December 2021, reflecting growth of 21.3 million, or 49%, from 43.1 million for December 2020.

Subscription
The 80% increase in subscription revenues reflects growth across our subscription streaming services. Global streaming subscribers grew 26.2 million, or 88%, compared with December 31, 2020, led by growth from Paramount+, reflecting significant growth in U.S. subscribers and the impact from launches in international markets, as well as subscriber growth for Showtime OTT and BET+.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA decreased $821 million, as the revenue growth was more than offset by higher content, marketing, distribution, and other cost increases to support growth in our streaming services, including for the launch of Paramount+ in 2021.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Filmed Entertainment
																										
					Increase/(Decrease)	
Year Ended December 31,	2021		2020		$		%	
Advertising	$	18 			$	18 			$	— 			— 	%	
Theatrical	241 			180 			61 			34 		
Licensing and other	2,428 			2,272 			156 			7 		
Revenues	$	2,687 			$	2,470 			$	217 			9 	%	
								
Adjusted OIBDA	$	207 			$	158 			$	49 			31 	%	
Revenues
For 2021, the 9% increase in revenues reflected growth in licensing and theatrical revenues.

Theatrical
The 34% increase in theatrical revenues was driven by 2021 releases including A Quiet Place Part II and PAW Patrol: The Movie, while 2020 was impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters in response to COVID-19, following the release of Sonic the Hedgehog in the first quarter of 2020, and throughout the remainder of the year.

Licensing and Other
The 7% increase in licensing and other revenues was driven by the licensing of Coming 2 America, Tom Clancy’s Without Remorse and Halloween Kills while 2020 included licensing of the first quarter 2020 theatrical release Sonic the Hedgehog, but was also impacted by the above-mentioned impact from COVID-19.

Adjusted OIBDA
Adjusted OIBDA increased 31%, primarily the result of higher profits from licensing.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Sources and Uses of Cash
We project anticipated cash requirements for our operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows expected to be generated and available to meet these needs. Our operating needs include, among other items, expenditures for content for our broadcast and cable networks and streaming services, including television and film programming, sports rights, and talent contracts, as well as advertising and marketing costs to promote our content and platforms; payments for leases, interest, and income taxes; and pension funding obligations. Our investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures; acquisitions; funding relating to new and existing investments, including SkyShowtime, our streaming joint venture with Comcast, under which both parent companies have committed to support initial operations over a multiyear period; discretionary share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness. Our planned spending in 2023 includes continued increased investment in our streaming services. We believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, which were $2.89 billion as of December 31, 2022, borrowing capacity under our $3.50 billion Credit Facility described below, as well as access to capital markets are sufficient to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.

Our funding for long-term obligations, including our long-term debt (see Note 10), and the long-term portion of the other cash requirements discussed above, including contractual commitments for programming and talent (see



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Note 20) and lease obligations (see Note 11), as well as those not yet committed to, will come from cash flows from operating activities, proceeds from noncore asset sales, including the planned sale of Simon & Schuster (see Consolidated Results of Operations - 2022 vs. 2021, Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations), and our ability to refinance our debt. Any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. To the extent that commercial paper is not available to us, the Credit Facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. In addition, if necessary, we could increase our liquidity position by reducing non-committed spending. We routinely assess our capital structure and opportunistically enter into transactions to manage our outstanding debt maturities, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.

Our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions; however, we believe that our strong balance sheet, cash flows, credit facility and credit ratings will provide us with adequate access to funding for our expected cash needs. The cost of any new borrowings is affected by market conditions and short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to access capital markets on terms and conditions that will be favorable to us.
Cash Flows
The changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were as follows:
																																									
					Increase/ (Decrease)				Increase/ (Decrease)
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2022 vs. 2021		2020		2021 vs. 2020
Net cash flow (used for) provided by
operating activities:													
Continuing operations	$	(142)			$	835 				$	(977)				$	2,215 				$	(1,380)		
Discontinued operations	361 			118 				243 				79 				39 		
Net cash flow provided by operating activities	219 			953 				(734)				2,294 				(1,341)		
Net cash flow (used for) provided by
investing activities:													
Continuing operations	(518)			2,402 				(2,920)				63 				2,339 		
Discontinued operations	(8)			(7)				(1)				(7)				— 		
Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing
activities	(526)			2,395 				(2,921)				56 				2,339 		
Net cash flow used for financing activities	(2,981)			(152)				(2,829)				(90)				(62)		
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
equivalents 	(94)			(48)				(46)				25 				(73)		
Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash	$	(3,382)			$	3,148 				$	(6,530)				$	2,285 				$	863 		
Operating Activities.  Operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2022 was a net use of cash of $142 million compared to a net source of cash of $835 million for 2021. The use of cash in 2022 was mainly the result of significant investment in our streaming services, including spending for content, marketing and distribution costs. The decrease in operating cash flow from continuing operations in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily driven by the decline in Adjusted OIBDA, partially offset by lower payments for income taxes. Cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations decreased to $61 million for 2022 from $291 million for 2021, primarily resulting from lower earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, partially offset by the impact of the timing of production tax incentive receipts.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The decrease in cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2021 compared to 2020 was mainly driven by our increased investment in our streaming services, including spending for content, advertising and marketing, and a higher level of production in 2021 as a result of production shutdowns in 2020 due to COVID-19. The decrease was partially offset by higher collections and lower payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and transformation initiatives, as well as lower payments for income taxes. Cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations decreased to $291 million for 2021 from $411 million for 2020, primarily due to a higher volume of production incentives received, lower adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and a higher deduction associated with the exercise and vesting of stock-based compensation, partially offset by higher payments associated with gains from dispositions, primarily from the sale of CBS Studio Center in 2021.

Net cash flow provided by operating activities included payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and transformation initiatives of $244 million, $294 million and $584 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Since the Merger, we have invested in a number of transformation initiatives. Initially, these were undertaken to realize synergies related to the Merger. Beginning in 2022, our transformation initiatives are related to future-state technology, including the unification and evolution of systems and platforms, and migration to the cloud. In addition, we are investing in future-state workspaces, including adapting our facilities to accommodate our hybrid and agile work model.

Cash flow provided by operating activities from discontinued operations reflects the operating activities of Simon & Schuster, and for 2022 also includes the receipt of the $200 million termination fee described under Legal Matters-Litigation Related to the Proposed Sale of Simon & Schuster.

Investing Activities
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Investments (a)
	$	(254)			$	(193)			$	(59)	
Capital expenditures (b)
	(358)			(354)			(324)	
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (c)
	— 			(54)			(147)	
Proceeds from dispositions (d)
	95 			3,028 			593 	
Other investing activities 	(1)			(25)			— 	
Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities from continuing operations	(518)			2,402 			63 	
Net cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations	(8)			(7)			(7)	
Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities	$	(526)			$	2,395 			$	56 	
(a) Primarily includes investment in The CW in all three years. 2022 also includes investment in SkyShowtime.
(b) Includes payments associated with the implementation of our transformation initiatives of $45 million, $68 million, and $40 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
(c) 2021 reflects the acquisitions of Chilevisión, a free-to-air television channel, and a controlling interest in Fox TeleColombia & Estudios TeleMexico, a Spanish language content producer. 2020 primarily reflects the acquisition of Miramax, a global film and television studio.
(d) 2022 primarily reflects proceeds related to the sale of investments and from the disposition of international intangible assets. 2021 primarily reflects proceeds received from the sales of CBS Studio Center and 51 West 52nd Street. 2021 also includes proceeds received from the sale of our investment in fuboTV during the fourth quarter of 2020, and proceeds received from the sales of a noncore trademark licensing operation and other investments. 2020 reflects the sales of CMG and marketable securities.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Financing Activities
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Repayments of commercial paper borrowings, net	$	— 			$	— 			$	(698)	
Proceeds from issuance of debt	1,138 			58 			4,375 	
Repayment of debt	(3,140)			(2,230)			(2,909)	
Dividends paid on preferred stock	(58)			(30)			— 	
Dividends paid on common stock	(631)			(617)			(600)	
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock	— 			983 			— 	
Proceeds from issuance of common stock	— 			1,672 			— 	
Purchase of Company common stock	— 			— 			(58)	
Payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for stock-based compensation	(31)			(110)			(93)	
Proceeds from exercise of stock options	— 			408 			5 	
Payments to noncontrolling interests	(218)			(235)			(59)	
Other financing activities	(41)			(51)			(53)	
Net cash flow used for financing activities	$	(2,981)			$	(152)			$	(90)	

Dividends
We declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Class A and Class B Common Stock during each of the quarters of 2022, 2021, and 2020. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we declared total per share dividends of $.96, resulting in total annual dividends of $635 million, $625 million and $601 million, respectively.

During each of the quarters of 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.4375 per share on our 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (“Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”), resulting in total annual dividends of $58 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded total annual dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $44 million. During each of the third and fourth quarters of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $1.4375 per share. During the second quarter of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $1.5493 per share, representing a dividend period from March 26, 2021 through July 1, 2021.
Capital Structure
The following table sets forth our debt.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Senior debt (2.90%-7.875% due 2023-2050)	$	14,149 			$	16,501 	
Junior debt (5.875%-6.375% due 2057 and 2062)	1,632 			1,157 	
Other bank borrowings	55 			35 	
Obligations under finance leases	10 			16 	
Total debt (a)
	15,846 			17,709 	
Less current portion of long-term debt	239 			11 	
Total long-term debt, net of current portion	$	15,607 			$	17,698 	
(a)    At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the senior and junior subordinated debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $442 million and $466 million, respectively, and (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $89 million and $95 million, respectively. The face value of our total debt was $16.38 billion at December 31, 2022 and $18.27 billion at December 31, 2021.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed senior notes totaling $2.39 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.49 billion and redeemed, at par, our $520 million of 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due February 2057. These redemptions resulted in a total pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $120 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued $1.00 billion of 6.375% junior subordinated debentures due 2062. The interest rate on these debentures will reset on March 30, 2027, and every five years thereafter to a fixed rate equal to the 5-year Treasury Rate (as defined pursuant to the terms of the debentures) plus a spread of 3.999% from March 30, 2027, 4.249% from March 30, 2032 and 4.999% from March 30, 2047. These debentures can be called by us at par plus a make whole premium any time before March 30, 2027, or at par on March 30, 2027 or on any interest payment date thereafter.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed senior notes totaling $1.99 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.11 billion resulting in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $128 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we issued $4.50 billion of senior notes and redeemed long-term debt totaling $2.77 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.88 billion resulting in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $126 million.

Our 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due February 2057 accrue interest at the stated fixed rate until February 28, 2027, on which date the rate will switch to a floating rate. Under the terms of the debentures the floating rate is based on three-month LIBOR plus 3.899%, reset quarterly, however, with the phasing out of LIBOR and the passage of the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, signed into law on March 15, 2022, it is expected that the 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due 2057 will, upon switching to a floating rate, bear interest at a replacement rate based on three-month CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). These debentures can be called by us at par at any time after the expiration of the fixed-rate period.

The subordination, interest deferral option and extended term of the junior subordinated debentures provide significant credit protection measures for senior creditors and, as a result of these features, the debentures received a 50% equity credit by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and Fitch Ratings Inc., and a 25% equity credit by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.
The interest rate payable on our 3.45% senior notes due October 2026, will be subject to adjustment from time to time if Moody’s Investor Services, Inc. or S&P Global Ratings downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to these senior notes. The interest rate on these senior notes would increase by 0.25% upon each credit agency downgrade, up to a maximum of 2.00%, and would similarly be decreased for subsequent upgrades. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of these senior notes was $124 million.

Some of our outstanding notes and debentures provide for certain covenant packages typical for an investment grade company. There is an acceleration trigger for the majority of the notes and debentures in the event of a change in control under specified circumstances coupled with ratings downgrades due to the change in control, as well as certain optional redemption provisions for our junior debentures.

Commercial Paper
At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Credit Facility
At December 31, 2022, we had a $3.50 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity in January 2025 (the “Credit Facility”). The Credit Facility is used for general corporate purposes and to support commercial paper borrowings, if any. We may, at our option, also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the Credit Facility. Borrowing rates under the Credit Facility are determined at the time of each borrowing and are generally based on either the prime rate in the U.S. or an applicable benchmark rate plus a margin (based on our senior unsecured debt rating), depending on the type and tenor of the loans entered. The benchmark rate for loans denominated in euros, sterling and yen is based on EURIBOR, SONIA and TIBOR rates, respectively. The Credit Facility has one principal financial covenant that requires our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio to be less than 4.5x (which we may elect to increase to 5.0x for up to four consecutive quarters following a qualified acquisition) at the end of each quarter. The Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio reflects the ratio of our Consolidated Indebtedness at the end of a quarter, to our Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the amended credit agreement) for the trailing twelve-month period. On February 14, 2022, we amended our Credit Facility to modify the definition of the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio in the amended credit agreement to allow unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to be netted against Consolidated Indebtedness through June 2024. We met the covenant as of December 31, 2022.

At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and the remaining availability under the Credit Facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $3.50 billion.
Other Bank Borrowings
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had bank borrowings under Miramax’s $300 million credit facility, which matures in April 2023, of $55 million and $35 million, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of 7.09% and 3.50%, respectively.
Critical Accounting Policies
The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.

We consider the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to our financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. The risks and uncertainties involved in applying our critical accounting policies are provided below. Unless otherwise noted, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented, and have discussed such policies with our Audit Committee. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Significant judgments used in



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

the determination of the amount and timing of revenue recognition include the identification of distinct performance obligations in contracts containing bundled advertising sales or bundled content licenses, and the allocation of consideration among individual performance obligations within these arrangements based on their relative standalone selling prices.

Advertising Revenues—Advertising revenues are recognized when the advertising spots are aired on television or streamed or displayed on digital platforms. If a contract includes a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience rating or number of impressions, the delivery of the advertising spots that achieve the guarantee represents the performance obligation to be satisfied over time and revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience rating or impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. To the extent the amounts billed exceed the amount of revenue recognized, such excess is deferred until the guaranteed audience ratings or impressions are delivered. For contracts that do not include impressions guarantees, the individual advertising spots are the performance obligation and consideration is allocated among the individual advertising spots based on relative standalone selling price.

Affiliate Revenues—The performance obligation for our affiliate agreements is a license to our programming provided through the continuous delivery of live linear feeds and, for agreements with MVPDs and vMVPDs, also includes a license to programming for video-on-demand viewing. Affiliate revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as we satisfy our performance obligation by continuously providing our customer with the right to use our programming. For agreements that provide for a variable fee, revenues are determined each month based on an agreed upon contractual rate applied to the number of subscribers to our customer’s service. For agreements that provide for a fixed fee, revenues are recognized based on the relative fair value of the content provided over the term of the agreement. These agreements primarily include agreements with television stations affiliated with the CBS Television Network (“network affiliates”) for which fair value is determined based on the fair value of the network affiliate’s service and the value of our programming.

Content Licensing Revenues—For licenses of exhibition rights for internally-produced programming, each individual episode or film delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the episode or film is made available to the licensee for exhibition and the license period has begun. For license agreements that include delivery of content on one or more dates for a fixed fee, consideration is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of each episode or film, which is based on licenses for comparable content within the marketplace. Estimation of standalone selling prices requires judgment, which can impact the timing of recognizing revenues.

Film and Television Production and Programming Costs
Costs incurred to produce television programs and feature films are capitalized when incurred and amortized over the projected life of each television program or feature film. The costs incurred to acquire television series and feature film programming rights, including advances, are capitalized when the license period has begun and the program is accepted and available for airing. The costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. Acquired programming rights, including rights for sports programming, are expensed over the shorter of the license period or the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived.

We categorize our capitalized production and programming costs based on the expected predominant monetization strategy throughout the life of the content. Our programming that is expected to be predominantly monetized through licensing and distribution on third-party platforms is considered individually monetized and our programming that is expected to be predominantly monetized on our networks and streaming services together with other programming is considered to be monetized as part of a film group. The predominant



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

monetization strategy is determined when capitalization of production costs commences and is reassessed if there is a significant change to the expected future monetization strategy. This reassessment will include an assessment of the monetization strategy throughout the entire life of the programming.

For internally-produced television programs and feature films that are predominantly monetized on an individual basis, we use an individual-film-forecast computation method to amortize capitalized production costs and to accrue estimated liabilities for participations and residuals over the applicable title’s life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues to be earned (“Ultimate Revenues”) for each title. Management’s judgment is required in estimating Ultimate Revenues and the costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program or feature film. These estimates are used to determine the timing of amortization of capitalized production costs and expensing of participation and residual costs.

For television programming, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues includes revenues to be earned within 10 years from the delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later. These estimates are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets and future firm commitments to license programs.

For feature films, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues includes revenues from all sources that are estimated to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film’s initial release. Prior to the release of feature films, we estimate Ultimate Revenues based on the historical performance of similar content and pre-release market research (including test market screenings), as well as factors relating to the specific film, including the expected number of theaters and markets in which the original content will be released, the genre of the original content and the past box office performance of the lead actors and actresses. For films intended for theatrical release, we believe the performance during the theatrical exhibition is the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of Ultimate Revenues as subsequent markets have historically exhibited a high correlation to theatrical performance. Upon a film’s initial release, we update our estimate of Ultimate Revenues based on actual and expected future performance. Our estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships to theatrical performance and an analysis of current market trends. We also review and revise estimates of Ultimate Revenue and participation costs as of each reporting date to reflect the most current available information.

For acquired film libraries, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues is for a period within 20 years from the date of acquisition.

For programming that is predominantly monetized as part of a film group, capitalized costs are amortized based on an estimate of the timing of our usage of and benefit from such programming. Such estimates require management’s judgment and include consideration of factors such as expected revenues to be derived from the programming, the expected number of future airings, and, for acquired programming, the length of the license period. If initial airings are expected to generate higher revenues, an accelerated method of amortization is used. These estimates are periodically reviewed and updated based on information available throughout the contractual term or life of each program.

For content that is predominantly monetized on an individual basis, a television program or feature film is tested for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that its fair value may be less than its unamortized cost. If the result of the impairment test indicates that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge will then be recorded for the amount of the difference. Content that is predominantly monetized within a film group is assessed for impairment at the film group level and would similarly be tested for impairment if circumstances indicate that the fair value of the film group is less than its unamortized costs. A change in the



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

monetization strategy of content, whether monetized individually or as part of a film group, will result in a reassessment of the predominant monetization strategy and may trigger an assessment of the content for impairment. Any resulting impairment test will be performed either at the individual level, if the predominant monetization strategy is determined to be individual, or at the film group level where the future cash flows will be generated. In addition, unamortized costs for internally-produced or acquired programming that has been abandoned are written off.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets Impairment Tests
We perform fair value-based impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised primarily of television FCC licenses, annually during the fourth quarter and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.

FCC Licenses—FCC licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. We consider each geographic market, which is comprised of all of our television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the FCC licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. At December 31, 2022, we had 14 television markets with FCC license book values.

For our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for each television market that we estimate has an aggregate fair value of FCC licenses that significantly exceeds its respective carrying value. For the 2022 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for nine of our television markets. For each market, we weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors. The market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for revenue and operating costs, as well as average market share. We also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates. Based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the FCC licenses in each of these television markets are less than their respective carrying values. Therefore, performing a quantitative impairment test on these markets was unnecessary.

We performed a quantitative impairment test for the FCC licenses in the remaining five markets. The quantitative impairment test of FCC licenses calculates an estimated fair value using the Greenfield Discounted Cash Flow Method, which values a hypothetical start-up station in the relevant market by adding discounted cash flows over a five-year build-up period to a residual value. The assumptions for the build-up period include industry projections of overall market revenues; the start-up station’s operating costs and capital expenditures, which are based on both industry and internal data; and average market share. The discount rate is determined based on the industry and market-based risk of achieving the projected cash flows, and the residual value is calculated using a long-term growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and industry projections. The discount rate and the long-term growth rate were 8% and 1%, respectively.

The impairment tests indicated that the estimated fair values of FCC licenses in two of the markets were below their respective carrying values. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $27 million to write down the carrying values of these FCC licenses to their aggregate estimated fair value of $184 million. The impairment charge, which is included within “Depreciation and amortization” in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and recorded within the TV Media segment, was the result of a higher discount rate utilized in our annual impairment tests, reflecting the impacts of market volatility and higher interest rates. Additionally, the estimated fair values of FCC licenses in the three remaining markets, which had an aggregate carrying value of $787 million, were each within 10% of their respective carrying values. An increase to the discount rate of 15 basis points, or a decrease to the long-term growth rate of 20 basis points, assuming no changes to other factors, would



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

cause the fair value of FCC licenses in two of the markets to fall below their carrying values. For the third market, an increase to the discount rate of 26 basis points, or a decrease to the long-term rate of 36 basis points, assuming no changes to other factors, would cause the fair value to fall below its carrying value.

The estimated fair values of FCC licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which we own and operate television stations. Certain future events and circumstances, including continued market volatility and increases in interest rates, or a decline in the local television advertising marketplace could result in a downward revision to our current assumptions and judgments. Various factors may contribute to a future decline in an advertising marketplace including declines in economic conditions; an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in certain industries that have historically represented a significant portion of television advertising revenues in that market; a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; changes in consumer behavior; and/or a change in population size. A further downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in an additional impairment and a noncash charge would be required. Such a charge could have a material effect on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Goodwill—Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment, or one level below. For our annual impairment test, we perform a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit that we estimate has a fair value that significantly exceeds its respective carrying value. Additionally, we consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. For the 2022 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for all reporting units. For each reporting unit, we weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. The reporting unit specific factors that were considered included actual and expected financial performance and changes to the reporting units’ carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. For each industry in which the reporting units operate, we considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments within the industry. Our assessment indicated that macroeconomic factors have negatively impacted inputs used in our most recent impairment tests, including discount rates, certain industry growth rates, and comparable company trading multiples. While this indicates that the estimated fair values of our reporting units have declined, considering the aggregation of all relevant factors, including the significant headroom in our most recent test performed in January 2022, which is described below, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units continues to be higher than their respective carrying amounts. Therefore, performing quantitative impairment tests was unnecessary.

Certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, further increases in interest rates, prolonged weakness in the advertising market, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms, changes in consumer behavior and/or a decrease in audience acceptance of our content and platforms could result in changes to our assumptions and judgments used in the goodwill impairment tests. A significant adverse change in these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would be required. Such a charge could have a material effect on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The annual test was performed on the six reporting units in place at October 31, 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, as a result of a management reorganization, the reporting units within our TV Media segment changed from three to two reporting units. Accordingly, we reallocated goodwill using a relative fair value approach and performed further qualitative goodwill impairment assessments on the two reporting units subsequent to the reallocation of goodwill, and concluded that the fair values of these reporting units continued to exceed their respective carrying values.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

In the first quarter of 2022, in connection with changes to our management structure and the resulting change in operating segments, we reassessed our reporting units and reallocated goodwill from the four reporting units in place prior to the realignment to six reporting units, using a relative fair value approach. We performed goodwill impairment tests as of January 1, 2022 on the reporting units in place before and after the change.

For these impairment tests, we performed quantitative tests for three of the reporting units that existed prior to the change and five of the reporting units in place subsequent to the change. For the quantitative goodwill impairment test we calculate an estimated fair value to determine whether it exceeds the carrying value of the respective reporting unit. For one of the quantitative tests, we estimated fair value based on the traded and transaction values of comparable businesses, and for the remaining quantitative tests, we estimated the fair value based on both the present value of future cash flows (“Discounted Cash Flow Method”) and the traded and transaction values of comparable businesses. The Discounted Cash Flow Method requires us to make various assumptions regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows, including growth rates, operating margins and capital expenditures for a projection period, plus the terminal value of the business at the end of the projection period. The assumptions about future cash flows are based on our internal forecasts of the reporting unit, which incorporates our long-term business plans and historical trends. The terminal value is estimated based on a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on historical and projected inflation and economic indicators, as well as industry growth projections. A discount rate is determined for the reporting unit based on the risks of achieving the future cash flows, including risks applicable to the industry and market as a whole, as well as the capital structure of comparable entities. We utilized discount rates ranging from 9% to 13.5% and terminal values that were based on either growth rates ranging from 1% to 2% or revenue multiples ranging from 1.5x to 2.7x. Traded and transaction values were determined using revenue and earnings multiples from publicly traded companies with operations and other characteristics similar to the respective reporting unit as well as revenue and earnings multiples from recent transactions of these companies. The selected multiples consider each reporting unit’s relative growth, profitability, size, and risk relative to the selected publicly traded companies. Based on the results of these impairment tests, we concluded that the estimated fair values of the reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values and, therefore, no impairment charge was required.

For one of the reporting units, we performed a qualitative assessment before and after the reporting unit change and concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was higher than its carrying amount.

Legal Matters
Estimates of liabilities related to legal issues and predecessor operations, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management. We record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We continually evaluate these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates. It is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our liabilities. Our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability. While we believe that our accrual for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods, and as a result our actual liabilities may be higher or lower than our accrual.
 



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Pensions
Pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. Two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. The discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet our pension plans’ expected future benefit payments, as determined for the accumulated benefit obligation. The expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. As of December 31, 2022, changes in actuarial assumptions resulted in a decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss compared with the prior year-end due to an increase in the discount rate, which was partially offset by the unfavorable performance of pension plan assets. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would result in an estimated change to the accumulated benefit obligation of approximately $80 million and would have an insignificant impact on 2023 pension expense. A decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense. The estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $6 million to 2023 pension expense.
 
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and evaluating our income tax positions.  When recording an interim worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  In the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. We evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. While valuation allowances can require significant judgment, we believe the valuation allowance of $488 million at December 31, 2022 properly reduces our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.

A number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. For positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, we evaluate each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions quarterly based on many factors, including, changes in tax laws and interpretations, information received from tax authorities, and other changes in facts and circumstances. Our income tax returns are routinely audited by U.S. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe that the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $303 million at December 31, 2022 is properly recorded.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Legal Matters
General
On an ongoing basis, we vigorously defend ourselves in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and respond to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, “Litigation’’). Litigation may be brought against us without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. However, based on our understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, we believe that the following matters are not likely, in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Stockholder Matters
Litigation Relating to the Merger
Beginning in February 2020, three purported CBS stockholders filed separate derivative and/or putative class action lawsuits in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. In March 2020, the Court consolidated the three lawsuits and appointed Bucks County Employees’ Retirement Fund and International Union of Operating Engineers of Eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware as co-lead plaintiffs for the consolidated action. In April 2020, the lead plaintiffs filed a Verified Consolidated Class Action and Derivative Complaint (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”) against Shari E. Redstone, NAI, Sumner M. Redstone National Amusements Trust, members of the CBS Board of Directors (comprised of Candace K. Beinecke, Barbara M. Byrne, Gary L. Countryman, Brian Goldner, Linda M. Griego, Robert N. Klieger, Martha L. Minow, Susan Schuman, Frederick O. Terrell and Strauss Zelnick), former CBS President and Acting Chief Executive Officer Joseph Ianniello and the Company as nominal defendant. The Complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to CBS stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 13, 2019, between CBS and Viacom (as amended, the “Merger Agreement”). The Complaint also alleges waste and unjust enrichment in connection with Mr. Ianniello’s compensation. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. In June 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. In January 2021, the Court dismissed one disclosure claim, while allowing all other claims against the defendants to proceed. In December 2022, the Court dismissed the fiduciary duty claim against Mr. Klieger. Discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. A six-day trial is scheduled to begin in June 2023. We believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.

Beginning in November 2019, four purported Viacom stockholders filed separate putative class action lawsuits in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. In January 2020, the Court consolidated the four lawsuits. In February 2020, the Court appointed California Public Employees’ Retirement System (“CalPERS”) as lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. Subsequently, in February 2020, CalPERS, together with Park Employees’ and Retirement Board Employees’ Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago and Louis M. Wilen, filed a First Amended Verified Class Action Complaint (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”) against NAI, NAI Entertainment Holdings LLC, Shari E. Redstone, the members of the special transaction committee of the Viacom Board of Directors (comprised of Thomas J. May, Judith A. McHale, Ronald L. Nelson and Nicole Seligman) and our President and Chief Executive Officer and director, Robert M. Bakish. The Complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to Viacom stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the Merger Agreement. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. In May 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. In December 2020, the Court dismissed the claims against Mr. Bakish, while allowing the claims against the remaining defendants to proceed. Discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. A six-day trial is scheduled to begin in July 2023. We believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.




Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Investigation-Related Matters
As announced in August 2018, the CBS Board of Directors retained two law firms to conduct a full investigation of the allegations in press reports about CBS’ former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Leslie Moonves, CBS News and cultural issues at CBS. In December 2018, the CBS Board of Directors announced the completion of its investigation, certain findings of the investigation and the CBS Board of Directors’ determination with respect to the termination of Mr. Moonves’ employment.

In August 2018 and in October 2018, Gene Samit and John Lantz, respectively, filed putative class action lawsuits in the U.S District Court for the Southern District of New York, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, for claims that are similar to those alleged in the amended complaint described below. In November 2018, the Court entered an order consolidating the two actions. Subsequently, in November 2018, the Court appointed Construction Laborers Pension Trust for Southern California as the lead plaintiff of the consolidated action. In February 2019, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint against CBS, certain current and former senior executives and members of the CBS Board of Directors. The consolidated action is stated to be on behalf of purchasers of CBS Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock between September 26, 2016 and December 4, 2018. This action seeks to recover damages arising during this time period allegedly caused by the defendants’ purported violations of the federal securities laws, including by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements or failing to disclose material information, and seeks costs and expenses as well as remedies under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. In April 2019, the defendants filed motions to dismiss this action, which the Court granted in part and denied in part in January 2020. With the exception of one statement made by Mr. Moonves at an industry event in November 2017, in which he allegedly was acting as the agent of CBS, all claims as to all other allegedly false and misleading statements were dismissed. We reached an agreement with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit for $14.75 million, which was paid by our insurers. The settlement, which includes no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company, was granted final approval by the Court in November 2022.

We also received subpoenas or requests for information from the New York County District Attorney’s Office, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the New York State Attorney General’s Office and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding the subject matter of the CBS Board of Directors’ investigation and related matters, including with respect to CBS’ related public disclosures. In November 2022, we entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance with the Investor Protection Bureau of the New York State Attorney General’s Office to resolve that matter. After credits for the settlement amount to be paid in the consolidated federal securities class action discussed above, and certain financial commitments to human resources-related programs made by CBS in connection with an earlier resolution with the Civil Rights Bureau of the New York State Attorney General’s Office, the Company has made a payment of $7.25 million, which by agreement with the Investor Protection Bureau will be distributed in connection with the federal securities class action settlement discussed above. The resolution with the Investor Protection Bureau includes no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company. In December 2022, we received a termination letter from the SEC, indicating that it does not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Company. We may continue to receive additional related regulatory and investigative inquiries from these and other entities in the future.

Litigation Related to Stock Offerings
In August 2021, Camelot Event Driven Fund filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and in November 2021, an amended complaint was filed that, among other changes, added an additional named plaintiff (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”). The Complaint is purportedly on behalf of investors who purchased shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to public securities offerings completed in March 2021, and was



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

filed against the Company, certain senior executives, members of our Board of Directors, and the underwriters involved in the offerings. The Complaint asserts violations of federal securities law and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including through an alleged failure to adequately disclose certain total return swap transactions involving Archegos Capital Management referenced to our securities and related alleged risks to the Company’s stock price. In December 2021, the plaintiffs filed a stipulation seeking the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of the outside director defendants from the lawsuit, which the Court subsequently ordered. On the same date, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the lawsuit, which were heard in January 2023. On February 7, 2023, the Court dismissed all claims against the Company while allowing the claims against the underwriters to proceed.

Litigation Related to Television Station Owners
In September 2019, the Company was added as a defendant in a multi-district putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The lawsuit was filed by parties that claim to have purchased broadcast television spot advertising beginning about January 2014 on television stations owned by one or more of the defendant television station owners and alleges the sharing of allegedly competitively sensitive information among such television stations in alleged violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. The action, which names the Company among fourteen total defendants, seeks monetary damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and interest as well as injunctions against the allegedly unlawful conduct. In October 2019, the Company and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the matter, which was denied by the Court in November 2020. We have reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit. The settlement, which will include no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company, will be subject to Court approval.

Litigation Related to the Proposed Sale of Simon & Schuster
In November 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to block our sale of the Simon & Schuster business to Penguin Random House pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), dated November 24, 2020, between the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, Penguin Random House and Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. In October 2022, following a bench trial, the Court blocked the sale. In November 2022, we terminated the Purchase Agreement and subsequently received a $200 million termination fee.

Claims Related to Former Businesses
Asbestos
We are a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by Westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. Westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. We are typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. In the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of our products is the basis of a claim. Claims against us in which a product has been identified most commonly relate to allegations of exposure to asbestos-containing insulating material used in conjunction with turbines and electrical equipment.

Claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. We do not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets that some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. As of December 31, 2022, we had pending approximately 21,580 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 27,770 as of December 31, 2021 and 30,710 as of December 31, 2020. During 2022, we received approximately 2,840 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 9,030 claims. We report claims as closed when we become aware that a dismissal



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

order has been entered by a court or when we have reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. Settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. Our total costs for the years 2022 and 2021 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $57 million and $63 million, respectively. Our costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.

Filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. The predominant number of pending claims against us are non-cancer claims. It is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our asbestos liabilities, including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims. We record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability. While we believe that our accrual for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods, and as a result our actual liabilities may be higher or lower than our accrual.

Other
From time to time, we receive claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that we are or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to our historical and predecessor operations. In addition, from time to time we receive personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from our historical operations and predecessors.
Market Risk
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and use derivative financial instruments to manage this exposure. In accordance with our policy, we do not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, we do not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.

Foreign Exchange Risk
We conduct business in various countries outside the U.S., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the U.S. dollar. In order to hedge anticipated cash flows in currencies such as the British Pound, the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and the Australian Dollar, foreign currency forward contracts, for periods generally up to 24 months, are used. Additionally, we designate forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions, including future production costs and programming obligations, as cash flow hedges. Gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. Additionally, we enter into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-U.S. dollar denominated cash flows. The change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in “Other items, net” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We manage the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)


At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $3.06 billion and $1.94 billion, respectively. For 2022, $2.40 billion related to future production costs and $655 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows. For 2021, $1.38 billion related to future production costs and $564 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows.

Interest Risk
Interest rates on future long-term debt issuances are exposed to risk related to movements in long-term interest rates. Interest rate hedges may be used to modify this exposure at our discretion. There were no interest rate hedges outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021 but in the future we may use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rates.

At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our outstanding notes and debentures was $15.78 billion and the estimated fair value was $13.9 billion. A 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase the fair value of our notes and debentures by approximately $1.48 billion and $634 million, respectively.

Credit Risk
We continually monitor our positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to our financial instruments. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. However, we do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.

Our receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at December 31, 2022 or 2021, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which our products and services are sold.

Related Parties
See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
					
Item 7A.	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Information required by this item is presented in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Market Risk.”
                                                
					
Item 8.
	
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE
The following Consolidated Financial Statements and schedule of the registrant and its subsidiaries are submitted herewith as part of this report:
														
				Page
Item 15(a)(1) Financial Statements:		
1.		
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
		
2.		
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238)
		
3.		
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
		
4.		
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
		
5.		
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
		
6.		
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
		
7.		
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
		
8.		
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
		
Item 15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule:		
		
II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
		
F-1
All other Schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule.
                                                
MANAGEMENT’ S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Paramount Global and its subsidiaries’ (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.
											
		PARAMOUNT GLOBAL
			
		By:	/s/ Robert M. Bakish
			
Robert M. Bakish
President and
Chief Executive Officer
			
		By:	/s/ Naveen Chopra
			
Naveen Chopra
Executive Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer
			
		By:	/s/ Katherine Gill-Charest
			
Katherine Gill-Charest
Executive Vice President, Controller and
Chief Accounting Officer

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Paramount Global
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paramount Global and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Amortization of Internally-Produced Television Programming Inventory that is Predominantly Monetized on an Individual Basis
As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s internally-produced television programming inventory that is predominantly monetized on an individual basis was $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022. For internally-produced television programs that are predominantly monetized on an individual basis, management uses an individual-film-forecast computation method to amortize capitalized production costs over the applicable title’s life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues to be earned (“Ultimate Revenues”) for each title. The estimate of Ultimate Revenues includes revenues to be earned within 10 years from the delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later. These estimates are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets, and future firm commitments to license programs.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to amortization of internally-produced television programming inventory that is predominantly monetized on an individual basis is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating Ultimate Revenues; this led to a high degree of auditor judgment, effort and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating management’s estimate of Ultimate Revenues and the significant assumptions that are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets, and future firm commitments to license programs.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to amortization of internally-produced television programming inventory that is predominantly

monetized on an individual basis, including the controls over the estimation of Ultimate Revenues. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for estimating Ultimate Revenues, and (ii) evaluating whether the significant assumptions were reasonable considering information related to the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets and future firm commitments to license programs. Procedures were also performed to test the completeness and accuracy of management's data used in these estimates.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, New York
February 16, 2023

We have served as the Company’s or its predecessor’s auditor since 1970.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(In millions, except per share amounts)
																	
	Year Ended December 31,
	2022		2021		2020
Revenues	$	30,154 			$	28,586 			$	25,285 	
Costs and expenses:					
Operating	19,845 			17,744 			14,992 	
Selling, general and administrative	7,033 			6,398 			5,320 	
Depreciation and amortization	405 			390 			430 	
Restructuring and other corporate matters	585 			100 			618 	
Total costs and expenses	27,868 			24,632 			21,360 	
Net gain on dispositions	56 			2,343 			214 	
Operating income	2,342 			6,297 			4,139 	
Interest expense	(931)			(986)			(1,031)	
Interest income	108 			53 			60 	
Net gains (losses) from investments	(9)			47 			206 	
Loss on extinguishment of debt	(120)			(128)			(126)	
Other items, net	(124)			(77)			(101)	
Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes
and equity in loss of investee companies
	1,266 			5,206 			3,147 	
Provision for income taxes	(227)			(646)			(535)	
Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax	(204)			(91)			(28)	
Net earnings from continuing operations	835 			4,469 			2,584 	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax	379 			162 			117 	
Net earnings (Paramount and noncontrolling interests)	1,214 			4,631 			2,701 	
Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests	(110)			(88)			(279)	
Net earnings attributable to Paramount	$	1,104 			$	4,543 			$	2,422 	
					
Amounts attributable to Paramount:					
Net earnings from continuing operations	$	725 			$	4,381 			$	2,305 	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax	379 			162 			117 	
Net earnings attributable to Paramount	$	1,104 			$	4,543 			$	2,422 	
					
Basic net earnings per common share attributable to Paramount:					
Net earnings from continuing operations	$	1.03 			$	6.77 			$	3.74 	
Net earnings from discontinued operations	$	.58 			$	.25 			$	.19 	
Net earnings	$	1.61 			$	7.02 			$	3.93 	
					
Diluted net earnings per common share attributable to Paramount:					
Net earnings from continuing operations	$	1.03 			$	6.69 			$	3.73 	
Net earnings from discontinued operations	$	.58 			$	.25 			$	.19 	
Net earnings	$	1.61 			$	6.94 			$	3.92 	
					
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:					
Basic	649 			641 			616 	
Diluted	650 			655 			618 	
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
																	
	Year Ended December 31,
	2022		2021		2020
Net earnings (Paramount and noncontrolling interests)	$	1,214 			$	4,631 			$	2,701 	
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:					
Cumulative translation adjustments	(240)			(143)			134 	
Decrease (increase) to net actuarial loss and prior service costs	337 			75 			(2)	
Other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax
(Paramount and noncontrolling interests)
	97 			(68)			132 	
Other comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations	(7)			(3)			5 	
Comprehensive income	1,304 			4,560 			2,838 	
Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests	105 			87 			278 	
Comprehensive income attributable to Paramount	$	1,199 			$	4,473 			$	2,560 	
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                                
PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except per share amounts)
																	
		At December 31,	
		2022		2021	
ASSETS					
Current Assets:					
Cash and cash equivalents		$	2,885 			$	6,267 		
Receivables, net		7,412 			6,984 		
Programming and other inventory 		1,342 			1,504 		
Prepaid expenses and other current assets		1,308 			1,176 		
Current assets of discontinued operations		787 			745 		
Total current assets		13,734 			16,676 		
Property and equipment, net		1,762 			1,736 		
Programming and other inventory 		16,278 			13,358 		
Goodwill		16,499 			16,584 		
Intangible assets, net		2,694 			2,772 		
Operating lease assets		1,391 			1,630 		
Deferred income tax assets, net		1,242 			1,206 		
Other assets		3,991 			3,824 		
Assets held for sale 		— 			19 		
Assets of discontinued operations		802 			815 		
Total Assets		$	58,393 			$	58,620 		
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
					
Current Liabilities:					
Accounts payable		$	1,403 			$	800 		
Accrued expenses		2,071 			2,323 		
Participants’ share and royalties payable		2,416 			2,159 		
Accrued programming and production costs		2,063 			1,342 		
Deferred revenues		973 			1,091 		
Debt		239 			11 		
Other current liabilities		1,477 			1,182 		
Current liabilities of discontinued operations		549 			571 		
Total current liabilities		11,191 			9,479 		
Long-term debt 		15,607 			17,698 		
Participants’ share and royalties payable		1,744 			1,244 		
Pension and postretirement benefit obligations 		1,458 			1,946 		
Deferred income tax liabilities, net 		1,077 			1,063 		
Operating lease liabilities		1,428 			1,598 		
Program rights obligations		367 			404 		
Other liabilities		1,715 			1,898 		
Liabilities of discontinued operations 		200 			213 		
Redeemable noncontrolling interest		— 			107 		
					
Commitments and contingencies (Note 20)
					
					
Paramount stockholders’ equity:					
5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share;
    25 shares authorized and 10 shares issued (2022 and 2021)
		— 			— 		
Class A Common Stock, par value $.001 per share; 55 shares authorized;
41 (2022 and 2021) shares issued
		— 			— 		
Class B Common Stock, par value $.001 per share; 5,000 shares authorized;
1,112 (2022) and 1,110 (2021) shares issued
		1 			1 		
Additional paid-in capital		33,063 			32,918 		
Treasury stock, at cost; 503 (2022 and 2021) shares of Class B Common Stock
		(22,958)			(22,958)		
Retained earnings		14,737 			14,343 		
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 		(1,807)			(1,902)		
Total Paramount stockholders’ equity		23,036 			22,402 		
Noncontrolling interests		570 			568 		
Total Equity		23,606 			22,970 		
Total Liabilities and Equity		$	58,393 			$	58,620 		
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                                
PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
																				
		Year Ended December 31,
		2022		2021		2020
Operating Activities:						
Net earnings (Paramount and noncontrolling interests)		$	1,214 			$	4,631 			$	2,701 	
Less: Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		379 			162 			117 	
Net earnings from continuing operations		835 			4,469 			2,584 	
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash flow
(used for) provided by operating activities from continuing operations:
						
Depreciation and amortization		405 			390 			430 	
Amortization of content costs and participation and residuals expense		14,951 			13,649 			11,286 	
Deferred tax provision (benefit) 		(106)			90 			122 	
Stock-based compensation		172 			192 			274 	
Net gain on dispositions		(56)			(2,343)			(214)	
Net (gains) losses from investments		9 			(47)			(206)	
Loss on extinguishment of debt		120 			128 			126 	
Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax and distributions		207 			96 			34 	
Change in assets and liabilities						
(Increase) decrease in receivables		(180)			179 			(68)	
Increase in inventory and related program, participation, and residuals liabilities		(17,164)			(16,763)			(12,283)	
Increase in accounts payable and other liabilities		596 			642 			60 	
Decrease in pension and postretirement benefit obligations		(44)			(61)			(20)	
Increase in income taxes		272 			265 			2 	
Other, net		(159)			(51)			88 	
Net cash flow (used for) provided by operating activities from continuing operations		(142)			835 			2,215 	
Net cash flow provided by operating activities from discontinued operations		361 			118 			79 	
Net cash flow provided by operating activities		219 			953 			2,294 	
Investing Activities:						
Investments		(254)			(193)			(59)	
Capital expenditures		(358)			(354)			(324)	
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired		— 			(54)			(147)	
Proceeds from dispositions		95 			3,028 			593 	
Other investing activities		(1)			(25)			— 	
Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities from continuing operations		(518)			2,402 			63 	
Net cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations		(8)			(7)			(7)	
Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities		(526)			2,395 			56 	
Financing Activities:						
Repayments of commercial paper borrowings, net		— 			— 			(698)	
Proceeds from issuance of debt		1,138 			58 			4,375 	
Repayment of debt		(3,140)			(2,230)			(2,909)	
Dividends paid on preferred stock		(58)			(30)			— 	
Dividends paid on common stock		(631)			(617)			(600)	
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock		— 			983 			— 	
Proceeds from issuance of common stock		— 			1,672 			— 	
Purchase of Company common stock		— 			— 			(58)	
Payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for stock-based compensation		(31)			(110)			(93)	
Proceeds from exercise of stock options		— 			408 			5 	
Payments to noncontrolling interests		(218)			(235)			(59)	
Other financing activities		(41)			(51)			(53)	
Net cash flow used for financing activities		(2,981)			(152)			(90)	
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents		(94)			(48)			25 	
Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash		(3,382)			3,148 			2,285 	
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year
(includes $135 (2021) and $202 (2020) of restricted cash)
		6,267 			3,119 			834 	
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year
(includes $135 (2020) of restricted cash)
		$	2,885 			$	6,267 			$	3,119 	
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                                
PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In millions)
																																																																																									
	Preferred Stock	Class A and B Common Stock 		Treasury
Stock	Additional Paid-In Capital		Retained Earnings		Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss		Total Paramount Stockholders’ Equity		Non-Controlling Interests		Total Equity
	(Shares)			(Shares)																									
December 31, 2019	— 			$	— 		615 			$	1 			$	(22,908)			$	29,590 					$	8,494 					$	(1,970)					$	13,207 					$	82 				$	13,289 	
Stock-based
compensation
activity	— 			— 		3 			— 			— 			195 					— 					— 					195 					— 				195 	
Class B Common
Stock purchased	— 			— 		(1)			— 			(50)			— 					— 					— 					(50)					— 				(50)	
Common stock
dividends	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					(601)					— 					(601)					— 				(601)	
Noncontrolling
interests	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					60 					— 					60 					325 		
(a)
		385 	
Net earnings	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					2,422 					— 					2,422 					279 				2,701 	
Other
comprehensive
income (loss)	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					— 					138 					138 					(1)				137 	
December 31, 2020	— 			— 		617 			1 			(22,958)			29,785 					10,375 					(1,832)					15,371 					685 				16,056 	
Stock-based
compensation
activity	— 			— 		11 			— 			— 			493 					— 					— 					493 					— 				493 	
Stock issuances	10 			— 		20 			— 			— 			2,655 					— 					— 					2,655 					— 				2,655 	
Preferred stock
dividends	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					(44)					— 					(44)					— 				(44)	
Common stock
dividends	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					(625)					— 					(625)					— 				(625)	
Noncontrolling
interests	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			(15)					94 					— 					79 					(204)				(125)	
Net earnings	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					4,543 					— 					4,543 					88 				4,631 	
Other
comprehensive
loss	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					— 					(70)					(70)					(1)				(71)	
December 31, 2021	10 			— 		648 			1 			(22,958)			32,918 					14,343 					(1,902)					22,402 					568 				22,970 	
Stock-based
compensation
activity	— 			— 		2 			— 			— 			145 					— 					— 					145 					— 				145 	
Preferred stock
dividends	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					(58)					— 					(58)					— 				(58)	
Common stock
dividends	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					(635)					— 					(635)					— 				(635)	
Noncontrolling
interests	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 							(17)					— 					(17)					(103)				(120)	
Net earnings	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					1,104 					— 					1,104 					110 				1,214 	
Other
comprehensive
loss	— 			— 		— 			— 			— 			— 					— 					95 					95 					(5)				90 	
December 31, 2022	10 			$	— 		650 			$	1 			$	(22,958)			$	33,063 					$	14,737 					$	(1,807)					$	23,036 					$	570 				$	23,606 	
(a) Primarily reflects the acquisition of Miramax (see Note 2).
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)


1) BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business—Effective February 16, 2022, we changed our name from ViacomCBS Inc. to Paramount Global, and effective at the open of market trading on February 17, 2022, our Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (“Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”) ceased trading under the ticker symbols “VIACA,” “VIAC” and “VIACP” and began trading under the ticker symbols “PARAA,” “PARA” and “PARAP,” respectively, on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. References to “Paramount,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Paramount Global and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.

Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of our increased strategic focus on our direct-to-consumer streaming businesses, we made certain changes to how we manage our businesses and allocate resources that resulted in a change to our operating segments. Our management structure was reorganized to focus on managing our business as the combination of three parts: a traditional media business, a portfolio of domestic and international streaming services, and a film studio. Accordingly, for all periods presented we are reporting results based on the following segments:
•TV Media—Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) broadcast operations — the CBS Television Network, our domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, our owned television stations; and our international free-to-air networks, Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe, and Chilevisión; (2) premium and basic cable networks, including Showtime, MTV, Comedy Central, Paramount Network, The Smithsonian Channel, Nickelodeon, BET Media Group, CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of certain of these brands; (3) domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios and MTV Entertainment Studios, as well as CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming. TV Media also includes a number of digital properties such as CBS News Streaming and CBS Sports HQ.

•Direct-to-Consumer—Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of our portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime Networks’ premium subscription streaming service (Showtime OTT), BET+ and Noggin.

•Filmed Entertainment—Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, Awesomeness and Miramax.

In January 2023, we announced that we will be fully integrating Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023.

Discontinued Operations—In November 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our publishing business, Simon & Schuster, which was previously reported as the Publishing segment, to Penguin Random House LLC (“Penguin Random House”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. As a result, we began presenting Simon & Schuster as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for the fourth quarter of 2020. In November 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to block the sale and in October 2022 the Court ruled in favor of the DOJ. In November 2022, we terminated the agreement and in accordance with its terms, subsequently received a $200 million termination fee. Simon & Schuster remains a noncore asset as it does not fit strategically within our video-based portfolio. We expect to enter into a new agreement to sell Simon & Schuster in 2023. Assuming that we do so, closing would be subject to closing conditions that would include regulatory approval. Simon & Schuster continues to be presented as a discontinued operation for all periods presented (see Note 3).

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Principles of Consolidation—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Paramount, its subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained and variable interest entities (“VIEs”) where we are considered the primary beneficiary, after the elimination of intercompany transactions. Controlling interest is determined by majority ownership interest and the absence of substantive third party participating rights.  Investments over which we have a significant influence, without a controlling interest, are accounted for under the equity method. Our proportionate share of net earnings or loss of the entity is recorded in “Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Reclassifications—Certain amounts reported for prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

Use of Estimates—The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Business Combinations—We generally account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, once control is obtained of a business, 100% of the assets, liabilities and certain contingent liabilities acquired, as well as amounts attributed to noncontrolling interests, are recorded at fair value. Any transaction costs are expensed as incurred.

Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase, including money market funds, commercial paper and bank time deposits.

Programming Inventory—We produce and acquire rights to programming to exhibit on our broadcast and cable networks, direct to consumers through our streaming services, on our broadcast television stations, and in theaters. We also produce programming for third parties. Costs for internally-produced and acquired programming inventory, including prepayments for such costs, are recorded within the non-current portion of “Programming and other inventory” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Prepayments for the rights to air sporting and other live events that are expected to be expensed over the next 12 months are classified within the current portion of “Programming and other inventory” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Costs incurred to produce television programs and feature films (which include direct production costs, production overhead, acquisition costs and development costs) are capitalized when incurred and amortized over the projected life of each television program or feature film. Costs incurred to acquire television series and feature film programming rights, including advances, are capitalized when the license period has begun and the program is accepted and available for airing and amortized over the shorter of the license period or the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived.

In addition, production inventory is reduced by contributions from co-production partners, as applicable, and tax incentives earned for qualified production spending in certain U.S. states and international locations. As a result, the benefit of these items will be recognized through reduced amortization over the life of the related content. Included in “Other current assets” and “Other assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 were receivables for production tax incentives of $0.3 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

We categorize our capitalized production and programming costs based on the expected predominant monetization strategy throughout the life of the content. Our programming that is expected to be predominantly monetized through licensing and distribution on third-party platforms is considered individually monetized and our programming that is expected to be predominantly monetized on our networks and streaming services together with other programming, is considered to be monetized as part of a film group. The predominant monetization strategy is determined when capitalization of production costs commences and is reassessed if there is a significant change to the expected future monetization strategy. This reassessment will include an assessment of the monetization strategy throughout the entire life of the programming.

For internally-produced television programs and feature films that are predominantly monetized on an individual basis, we use an individual-film-forecast computation method to amortize capitalized production costs and to accrue estimated liabilities for participations and residuals over the applicable title’s life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues to be earned (“Ultimate Revenues”) for each title. The estimate of Ultimate Revenues impacts the timing of amortization of capitalized production costs and expensing of participations and residual costs. For television programming, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues includes revenues to be earned within 10 years from the delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later. These estimates are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets and future firm commitments to license programs.

For feature films, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues includes revenues from all sources that are estimated to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film’s initial release. Prior to the release of feature films, we estimate Ultimate Revenues based on the historical performance of similar content and pre-release market research (including test market screenings), as well as factors relating to the specific film, including the expected number of theaters and markets in which the original content will be released, the genre of the original content and the past box office performance of the lead actors and actresses. Upon a film’s initial release, we update our estimate of Ultimate Revenues based on actual and expected future performance. Our estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships to theatrical performance and an analysis of current market trends. For acquired television and film libraries, our estimate of Ultimate Revenues is for a period within 20 years from the date of acquisition. Ultimate Revenue estimates are periodically reviewed and adjustments, if any, will result in changes to inventory amortization rates and estimated accruals for residuals and participations.

Film development costs that have not been set for production are expensed within three years unless they are abandoned earlier, in which case these projects are written down to their estimated fair value in the period the decision to abandon the project is determined.

For programming that is predominantly monetized as part of a film group, capitalized costs are amortized based on an estimate of the timing of our usage of and benefit from such programming. The costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received and amortized over the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived based on the relative value of the events broadcast by us during a period in relation to the estimated total value of the events over the term of the sports programming agreement.

For content that is predominantly monetized on an individual basis, a television program or feature film is tested for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that its fair value may be less than its unamortized cost. Content that is predominantly monetized within a film group is assessed for impairment at the film group level and would similarly be tested for impairment if circumstances indicate that the fair value of the film group is less

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

than its unamortized costs. If the carrying value of a film group or individual television program or feature film exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge will then be recorded in the amount of the difference. A change in the monetization strategy of content, whether monetized individually or as part of a film group, will result in a reassessment of the predominant monetization strategy and may trigger an assessment of the content for impairment. Any resulting impairment test will be performed either at the individual level, if the predominant monetization strategy is determined to be individual, or at the film group level where the future cash flows will be generated. In addition, unamortized costs for internally-produced or acquired programming that has been abandoned are written off.

Television and feature film programming and production costs, including inventory amortization, development costs, residuals and participations and impairment charges, if any, are included within “Operating expenses” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Property and Equipment—Property and equipment is stated at cost.  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives as follows:
					
Buildings and building improvements	
10 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements	Shorter of lease term or useful life
Equipment and other (including finance leases)	
3 to 20 years
Costs associated with repairs and maintenance of property and equipment are expensed as incurred.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company assesses long-lived assets and intangible assets, other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, for impairment whenever there is an indication that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable.  Recoverability of these asset groups is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by these asset groups to their net carrying value. If the carrying value is not recoverable, the amount of impairment charge, if any, is measured by the difference between the net carrying value and the estimated fair value of the assets.

Investments—Investments over which we have a significant influence, without a controlling interest, are accounted for under the equity method. Equity investments for which we have no significant influence are measured at fair value where a readily determinable fair value exists. Equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value are measured at cost less impairment, if any, and adjusted for observable price changes. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of equity investments are recorded in “Net gains (losses) from investments” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We monitor our investments for impairment and reduce the carrying value of the investment if we determine that an impairment charge is required based on qualitative and quantitative information. Our investments are included in “Other assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets—Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are at or one level below our operating segments. Intangible assets with finite lives, which primarily consist of trade names, licenses, and customer agreements are generally amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from 5 to 40 years. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, which consist primarily of FCC licenses, are not amortized but are tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. If the carrying value of goodwill or the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized (see Note 6).


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Guarantees—At the inception of a guarantee, we recognize a liability for the fair value of an obligation assumed by issuing the guarantee. The related liability is subsequently reduced as utilized or extinguished and increased if there is a probable loss associated with the guarantee which exceeds the value of the recorded liability.

Treasury Stock—Treasury stock is accounted for using the cost method. Retirements of treasury stock are reflected as a reduction to additional paid-in capital.
Fair Value Measurements—Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The framework for measuring fair value provides a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used in measuring fair value. Level 1 is based on publicly quoted prices for the asset or liability in active markets. Level 2 is based on inputs that are observable other than quoted market prices in active markets, such as quoted prices for the asset or liability in inactive markets or quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities. Level 3 is based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Certain assets and liabilities, including foreign currency hedges and deferred compensation liabilities, are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Other assets and liabilities, including television and film production costs, lease assets, goodwill, intangible assets, and equity-method investments are recorded at fair value only if an impairment charge is recognized. Impairment charges, if applicable, are generally determined using discounted cash flows, which is a Level 3 valuation technique.

Derivative Financial Instruments—Derivative financial instruments are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. For derivatives designated as hedges of the fair value of assets or liabilities, the changes in fair value of both the derivatives and the hedged items are recorded in “Other items, net” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the derivatives is recorded in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently recognized in net earnings when the hedged items are recognized.

Pension and Postretirement Benefits—The service cost component of net benefit cost for our pension and postretirement benefits is recorded on the same line items on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as other compensation costs of the related employees. All of the other components of net benefit cost are presented separately from the service cost component and below the subtotal of operating income in “Other items, net” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Other Liabilities—Other liabilities consist primarily of the noncurrent portion of residual liabilities of previously disposed businesses, long-term income tax liabilities, deferred compensation and other employee benefit accruals.

Revenues
Revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer. Control is considered to be transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of that good or service.

Advertising Revenues—Advertising revenues are recognized when the advertising spots are aired on television or streamed or displayed on digital platforms. Advertising spots are typically sold as part of advertising campaigns consisting of multiple commercial units. If a contract includes a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience rating or number of impressions, the delivery of the advertising spots that achieve the guarantee represents the performance obligation to be satisfied over time and revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience rating or impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. Audience ratings and impressions are determined

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

based on data provided by independent third-party companies. To the extent the amounts billed exceed the amount of revenue recognized, such excess is deferred until the guaranteed audience ratings or impressions are delivered. For contracts that do not include impressions guarantees, the individual advertising spots are the performance obligation and consideration is allocated among the individual advertising spots based on relative standalone selling price. Advertising contracts, which are generally short-term, are billed monthly, with payments due shortly after the invoice date.

Affiliate and Subscription Revenues—Affiliate and subscription revenues are principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) and third-party live television streaming services (“virtual MVPDs”, or “vMVPDs”) for carriage of our cable networks (“cable affiliate fees”) and our owned television stations (“retransmission fees”); fees received from television stations for their affiliation with the CBS Television Network (“reverse compensation”); and subscription fees for our subscription streaming services. Costs incurred for advertising, marketing and other services provided to us by cable, satellite and other distributors that are in exchange for a distinct service are recorded as expenses. If a distinct service is not received, such costs are recorded as a reduction to revenues.

The performance obligation for our affiliate agreements is a license to our programming provided through the continuous delivery of live linear feeds and, for agreements with MVPDs and vMVPDs, also includes a license to programming for video-on-demand viewing. Affiliate revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as we satisfy our performance obligation by continuously providing our customer with the right to use our programming. For agreements that provide for a variable fee, revenues are determined each month based on an agreed upon contractual rate applied to the number of subscribers to our customer’s service. For agreements that provide for a fixed fee, revenues are recognized based on the relative fair value of the content provided over the term of the agreement. These agreements primarily include agreements with television stations affiliated with the CBS Television Network (“network affiliates”) for which fair value is determined based on the fair value of the network affiliate’s service and the value of our programming. For affiliate revenues, payments are generally due monthly. Subscription revenues to our streaming services are recognized evenly over the subscription period.

Theatrical Revenues—Theatrical revenue is earned from the theatrical distribution of our films during the exhibition period. Under these arrangements, revenues are recognized based on sales to the end customer.

Licensing and Other Revenues—Licensing and other revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of the rights to exhibit our internally-produced television and film programming on various platforms in the secondary market after its initial exhibition on our owned or third-party platforms; license fees from content produced or distributed for third parties; home entertainment revenues, which include revenues from the viewing of our content on a transactional basis through transactional video-on-demand (TVOD) and electronic sell-through services, and the sale and distribution of our content through DVDs and Blu-ray discs to wholesale and retail partners; fees from the use of our trademarks and brands for consumer products, recreation and live events; and revenues from the rental of production facilities.

For licenses of exhibition rights for internally-produced programming, each individual episode or film delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the episode or film is made available to the licensee for exhibition and the license period has begun. For license agreements that include delivery of content on one or more dates for a fixed fee, consideration is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of each episode or film. Estimation of standalone selling prices requires judgment, which can impact the timing of recognizing revenues. Agreements to license programming are often long term, with collection terms ranging from one to five years.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

When payment is due from a customer more than one year before or after revenue is recognized, we consider the contract to contain a significant financing component and the transaction price is adjusted for the effects of the time value of money. We do not adjust the transaction price for the time value of money if payment is expected within one year of recognizing revenues.

We also license our programming to distributors of transactional video-on-demand and similar services. Under these arrangements, our performance obligation is the delivery of our content to such distributors who then license our content to the end customer. Our revenues are determined each month based on a contractual rate applied to the number of licenses to the distributors’ end customers. Similarly, revenues earned from electronic sell-through services are recognized as each program is downloaded by the end customer.

Revenues associated with the licensing of our brands for consumer products, recreation and live events are generally determined based on contractual royalty rates applied to sales reported by the licensees. For consumer products and recreation arrangements that include minimum guaranteed consideration, revenue is recognized as sales occur by the licensee, if the sales-based consideration is expected to exceed the minimum guarantee, or ratably if it is not expected to exceed the minimum guarantee. For live events, we recognize revenue when the event is held.

Revenues from the sales of DVDs and Blu-ray discs to wholesalers and retailers are recognized upon the later of the physical delivery to the customer or the date that any sales restrictions on the retailers are lifted.

We earn revenues from the distribution of content on behalf of third parties. We also have arrangements for the distribution or sale of our content by third parties. Under such arrangements, we determine whether revenues should be recognized based on the gross amount of consideration received from the customer or the net amount of revenue we retain after payment to the third party producer or distributor, based on an assessment of which party controls the good or service being transferred.

Revenue Allowances—DVDs and Blu-ray discs are generally sold with a right of return. We record a provision for sales returns and allowances at the time of sale based upon an estimate of future returns, rebates and other incentives. In determining this provision, we consider sources of qualitative and quantitative evidence including forecast sales data, customers’ rights of return, sales levels for units already shipped, historical return rates for similar products, current economic trends, the competitive environment, promotions and our sales strategies. Reserves for sales returns and allowances of $70 million and $36 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded in “Other current liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Reserves for accounts receivable reflect our expected credit losses, which are estimated based on historical experience, as well as current and expected economic conditions and industry trends. Our allowance for credit losses was $111 million and $80 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision for doubtful accounts charged to expense was $40 million in 2022, $8 million in 2021 and $32 million in 2020. The expense in 2022 principally includes a charge for amounts due from customers in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022 (see Note 7).


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Contract Liabilities—A contract liability is recorded when consideration is received from a customer prior to fully satisfying a performance obligation in a contract. Our contract liabilities primarily consist of cash received related to advertising arrangements for which the required audience rating or impressions have not been delivered; consumer products arrangements with minimum guarantees; and content licensing arrangements under which the content has not yet been made available to the customer. These contract liabilities will be recognized as revenues when control of the related product or service is transferred to the customer. Contract liabilities are included within “Deferred revenues” and “Other liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Collaborative Arrangements—Collaborative arrangements primarily consist of joint efforts with third parties to produce and distribute programming such as television series and live sporting events, including the agreement between us and Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. to telecast the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Championship (the “NCAA Tournament”), which runs through 2032. In connection with this agreement for the NCAA Tournament, advertisements aired on the CBS Television Network are recorded as revenues and our share of the program rights fees and other operating costs are recorded as operating expenses.

We also enter into collaborative arrangements with other studios to jointly finance and distribute film and television programming, under which each partner is responsible for distribution of the program in specific territories or distribution windows. Under these arrangements, our share of costs for co-productions are initially capitalized as programming inventory and amortized over the estimated economic life of the program. In such arrangements where we have distribution rights, all proceeds generated from such distribution are recorded as revenues and any participation profits due to third party collaborators are recorded as participation expenses. In co-production arrangements where third party collaborators have distribution rights, our net participating profits are recorded as revenues.

Amounts attributable to transactions arising from collaborative arrangements between participants were not material to the consolidated financial statements for any period presented.

Leases—Our leases are principally comprised of operating leases for office space, equipment, satellite transponders and studio facilities. We determine that a contract contains a lease if we obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of, and the right to direct the use of, an asset identified in the contract. For leases with terms greater than 12 months, we record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability representing the present value of future lease payments. The discount rate used to measure the lease asset and liability is determined at the beginning of the lease term using the rate implicit in the lease, if readily determinable, or our collateralized incremental borrowing rate. For those contracts that include fixed rental payments for both the use of the asset (“lease costs”) as well as for other occupancy or service costs relating to the asset (“non-lease costs”), we generally include both the lease costs and non-lease costs in the measurement of the lease asset and liability. We also own buildings and production facilities where we lease space to lessees.

Our leases generally have remaining terms of up to 14 years and often contain renewal options to extend the lease for periods of generally up to 10 years. For leases that contain renewal options, we include the renewal period in the lease term if it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Lease expense and income for our operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, with the exception of variable lease costs, which are expensed as incurred, and leases of assets used in the production of programming, which are capitalized in programming assets and amortized over the projected useful life of the related programming.

Advertising—Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. We incurred total advertising expenses of $2.69 billion in 2022, $2.14 billion in 2021 and $1.31 billion in 2020.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Interest—Costs associated with the refinancing or issuance of debt, as well as debt discounts or premiums, are recorded as interest over the term of the related debt.

Income Taxes—The provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local, and foreign taxes. We recognize the tax on global intangible low-taxed income, a U.S. tax on certain income earned by our foreign subsidiaries, as a period cost when incurred within the provision for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. We evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are classified as noncurrent on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

For tax positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, we evaluate each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized.  A number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. We recognize interest and penalty charges related to the reserve for uncertain tax positions as income tax expense.

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions—Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the United States (“U.S.”) Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars at foreign exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while results of operations are translated at average foreign exchange rates for the respective periods. The resulting translation gains and losses are included as a separate component of stockholders’ equity in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Argentina has been designated as a highly inflationary economy during all periods presented. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency will result in remeasurement gains and losses, which are included in “Other items, net” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Net Earnings per Common Share—Basic net earnings per share (“EPS”) is based upon net earnings available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Net earnings available to common stockholders is calculated as net earnings from continuing operations or net earnings, as applicable, adjusted to include dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which was issued in March 2021 (see Note 15).

Weighted average shares for diluted EPS reflects the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or performance share units (“PSUs”) only in the periods in which such effect would have been dilutive. Diluted EPS also reflects the effect of the assumed conversion of preferred stock, if dilutive, which includes the issuance of common shares in the weighted average number of shares and excludes the above-mentioned preferred stock dividend adjustment to net earnings available to common stockholders.

Excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been antidilutive, were stock options and RSUs of 11 million, 6 million and 22 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022, was the effect of the assumed conversion of 10 million shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

common stock because the impact would have been antidilutive. The table below presents a reconciliation of weighted average shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
(in millions)					
Weighted average shares for basic EPS	649 			641 			616 	
Dilutive effect of shares issuable under stock-based compensation plans
	1 			5 			2 	
Conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock	— 			9 			— 	
Weighted average shares for diluted EPS	650 			655 			618 	
Additionally, because the impact of the assumed conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock would have been antidilutive, net earnings from continuing operations and net earnings used in our calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022 include the preferred stock dividends recorded during the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of net earnings from continuing operations and net earnings to the amounts used in the calculations of basic and diluted EPS.
														
Year Ended December 31,		2022		2021
Amounts attributable to Paramount:				
Net earnings from continuing operations		$	725 			$	4,381 	
Preferred stock dividends		(58)			(44)	
Net earnings from continuing operations for basic EPS calculation		667 			4,337 	
Preferred stock dividend adjustment		— 			44 	
Net earnings from continuing operations for diluted EPS calculation		$	667 			$	4,381 	
				
Amounts attributable to Paramount:				
Net earnings 		$	1,104 			$	4,543 	
Preferred stock dividends		(58)			(44)	
Net earnings for basic EPS calculation		1,046 			4,499 	
Preferred stock dividend adjustment		— 			44 	
Net earnings for diluted EPS calculation		$	1,046 			$	4,543 	
Stock-based Compensation—We measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the award. The cost is recognized over the vesting period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity
On January 1, 2022, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) amended guidance to reduce complexity associated with the accounting for convertible instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Under this guidance, embedded conversion features associated with convertible instruments no longer need to be separated from the host contracts unless they are required to be accounted for as derivatives or have been issued at a substantial premium. For contracts in an entity’s own equity, this guidance removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exceptions. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

2) ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS
Acquisitions
During 2021, we made payments totaling $54 million, net of cash acquired, for the acquisition of Chilevisión, a free-to-air television channel, and a controlling interest in Fox TeleColombia & Estudios TeleMexico, a Spanish language content producer. The results of these companies are included in the TV Media segment from the dates of acquisition.

During 2020, we acquired a 49% interest in Miramax, a global film and television studio, for $375 million, which included a cash payment at closing of approximately $150 million along with a commitment to invest $45 million annually, beginning on the first anniversary of the closing and continuing through 2025, to be used for new film and television productions and working capital. In conjunction with this acquisition, we entered into commercial agreements with Miramax under which we have exclusive, long-term distribution rights to Miramax’s catalog, which added more than 700 titles to our existing library. We also have certain rights to co-produce, co-finance and/or distribute new film and television projects. The investment is accounted for as a consolidated VIE. We are the primary beneficiary of the VIE due to our power to direct the distribution of Miramax’s films and television series, which is considered the most significant activity of the VIE. The results of Miramax are included in the Filmed Entertainment segment from the date of acquisition.

The operating results of these acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements in the year of acquisition.
Dispositions
In September 2022, in connection with our funding commitments under our streaming joint venture, SkyShowtime, we made a noncash contribution of certain assets of Paramount+ in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (the “Nordics”) to the joint venture, which resulted in a gain of $41 million. Upon the transfer of these assets, the SkyShowtime service was launched in the Nordics, where it replaced Paramount+.
Also in 2022, we recorded gains on dispositions totaling $15 million, comprised of a gain from the sale of international intangible assets and a working capital adjustment to the gain from the fourth quarter 2021 sale of CBS Studio Center, which is described below.

During October 2021, we completed the sale of 51 West 52nd Street, an office tower that was formerly the headquarters of CBS, to Harbor Group International, LLC, for $760 million, resulting in a gain of $523 million. We have a lease for a portion of the space we occupied with terms that end in 2023 and 2024.

In December 2021, we completed the sale of CBS Studio Center to a partnership formed by Hackman Capital Partners, LLC and Square Mile Capital Management, LLC for $1.85 billion. At closing, we executed a 10-year lease-back of the portion of a building on the property that is used by our Los Angeles television stations. The lease-back began at the time of the sale and includes an option to terminate one floor without penalty beginning on the fifth anniversary. The sale resulted in a gain of $1.70 billion.

In addition, during 2021 we recognized a net gain of $117 million, principally relating to the sale of a noncore trademark licensing operation.

In October 2020, we completed the sale of CNET Media Group to Red Ventures for $484 million. This transaction resulted in a gain of $214 million.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

3) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
The following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which primarily relates to Simon & Schuster (see Note 1).
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2022	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	1,177 				$	— 				$	1,177 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		746 				(30)				716 	
Selling, general and administrative 		180 				— 				180 	
Restructuring charges		3 				— 				3 	
Total costs and expenses		929 				(30)				899 	
Operating income		248 				30 				278 	
Termination fee, net of advisory fees		190 				— 				190 	
Other items, net		(12)				— 				(12)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		426 				30 				456 	
Income tax provision		(70)				(7)				(77)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	356 				$	23 				$	379 	
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2021	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	993 				$	— 				$	993 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		618 				(16)				602 	
Selling, general and administrative 		158 				— 				158 	
Depreciation and amortization		3 				— 				3 	
Restructuring charges		1 				— 				1 	
Total costs and expenses		780 				(16)				764 	
Operating income		213 				16 				229 	
Other items, net		(10)				— 				(10)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		203 				16 				219 	
Income tax provision		(46)				(11)				(57)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	157 				$	5 				$	162 	
																										
Year Ended December 31, 2020	Simon & Schuster		
Other (a)
		Total
Revenues		$	901 				$	— 				$	901 	
Costs and expenses:								
Operating 		573 				(19)				554 	
Selling, general and administrative 		172 				— 				172 	
Depreciation and amortization		5 				— 				5 	
Restructuring charges		10 				— 				10 	
Total costs and expenses		760 				(19)				741 	
Operating income		141 				19 				160 	
Other items, net		(5)				— 				(5)	
Earnings from discontinued operations		136 				19 				155 	
Income tax provision		(34)				(4)				(38)	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax		$	102 				$	15 				$	117 	
(a) Primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of Famous Players Inc. (“Famous Players”).

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities of our discontinued operations.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Receivables, net	$	558 			$	536 	
Other current assets	229 			209 	
Goodwill 	434 			435 	
Property and equipment, net	53 			46 	
Operating lease assets	204 			203 	
Other assets	111 			131 	
Total Assets	$	1,589 			$	1,560 	
Royalties payable	$	161 			$	155 	
Other current liabilities	388 			416 	
Operating lease liabilities	182 			194 	
Other liabilities	18 			19 	
Total Liabilities	$	749 			$	784 	
4) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Land	$	371 			$	372 	
Buildings	863 			842 	
Equipment and other	4,242 			4,272 	
	5,476 			5,486 	
Less accumulated depreciation	3,714 			3,750 	
Property and equipment, net	$	1,762 			$	1,736 	
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Depreciation expense (a)
	$	337 			$	344 			$	345 	
(a) Included in depreciation expense for 2020 is $12 million of accelerated depreciation resulting from the abandonment of technology in connection with synergy plans related to the merger of Viacom Inc. (“Viacom”) with and into CBS Corporation (“CBS”) (the “Merger”).
5) PROGRAMMING AND OTHER INVENTORY 
The following table presents our programming and other inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021, grouped by type and predominant monetization strategy. During the first quarter of 2022, in connection with our increased strategic focus on our streaming businesses, we reassessed our predominant monetization strategy for certain of our internally-produced content, and determined that it had shifted from individual to film group as a result of expected increased monetization of the content on our streaming services.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Film Group Monetization:			
Acquired program rights, including prepaid sports rights	$	3,238 			$	3,432 	
Internally-produced television and film programming:			
Released	7,154 			3,808 	
In process and other	3,299 			2,609 	
			
Individual Monetization:			
Acquired libraries	394 			441 	
Film inventory:			
Released	694 			606 	
Completed, not yet released	129 			253 	
In process and other	1,317 			1,303 	
Internally-produced television programming:			
Released	624 			1,604 	
In process and other	726 			769 	
Home entertainment	45 			37 	
Total programming and other inventory	17,620 			14,862 	
Less current portion	1,342 			1,504 	
Total noncurrent programming and other inventory	$	16,278 			$	13,358 	
The following table presents amortization of television and film programming and production costs, which is included within “Operating expenses” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Programming costs, acquired programming	$	5,018 			$	5,143 			$	3,779 	
					
Production costs, internally-produced television and film programming: 					
Individual monetization	$	2,104 			$	3,245 			$	2,669 	
Film group monetization	$	5,187 			$	3,248 			$	3,133 	
Programming Charges
Included in the table above for the year ended December 31, 2020, are programming charges of $159 million primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). Programming charges of $154 million and $5 million are included within the TV Media and Filmed Entertainment segments, respectively.
In connection with our plan to integrate Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms in 2023, we have undertaken a comprehensive strategic review of the combined content portfolio of Showtime and Paramount+. At the same time, we are rationalizing and right-sizing our international operations to align with our streaming strategy, and closing or globalizing certain of our international channels. We plan to complete this review in the first quarter of 2023 and abandon or remove from our platforms certain content, which will result in charges for the impairment or abandonment of the affected content, which we estimate will be approximately $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table presents the expected amortization over each of the next three years of released programming inventory on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. This information does not include the expected effects of the 2023 programming charges discussed above.
																	
	2023		2024		2025
Programming costs, acquired programming	$	2,187 			$	593 			$	285 	
					
Production costs, internally-produced television and film programming:					
Individual monetization	$	822 			$	248 			$	136 	
Film group monetization	$	3,175 			$	1,812 			$	1,147 	
During the year ending December 31, 2023, we expect to amortize approximately $63 million of our completed, not yet released film inventory, which is monetized on an individual basis.
6) GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
We perform fair value-based impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised primarily of television FCC licenses, on an annual basis, and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment, or one level below. At December 31, 2022, we had five reporting units. FCC licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. We consider each geographic market, which is comprised of all of our television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the FCC licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. At December 31, 2022, we had 14 television markets with FCC license book values.

For our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for the reporting units and television markets with FCC licenses that we estimate have fair values that significantly exceed their respective carrying values. In making this determination, we also consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. For the 2022 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for nine of our television markets and all of our reporting units. Considering the aggregation of all relevant factors, including the significant headroom in our most recent tests, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units and the fair value of FCC licenses within each of these markets are less than their respective carrying values. Therefore, performing a quantitative impairment test for these reporting units and FCC licenses was unnecessary.

For the 2022 annual test for FCC licenses, we performed a quantitative impairment test for the remaining five markets. The quantitative impairment test of FCC licenses calculates an estimated fair value using the Greenfield Discounted Cash Flow Method, which values a hypothetical start-up station in the relevant market by adding discounted cash flows over a five-year build-up period to a residual value. The assumptions for the build-up period include industry projections of overall market revenues; the start-up station’s operating costs and capital expenditures, which are based on both industry and internal data; and average market share. The discount rate is determined based on the industry and market-based risk of achieving the projected cash flows, and the residual value is calculated using a long-term growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and industry projections. The discount rate and the long-term growth rate were 8% and 1%, respectively. The impairment tests indicated that the estimated fair values of FCC licenses in two of the markets were below their respective carrying values. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $27 million to write down the carrying values of these FCC licenses to their aggregate estimated fair value of $184 million. The impairment charge, which is included within “Depreciation and amortization” in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and recorded within the TV Media segment, was the result of a higher discount rate utilized in our annual impairment tests, reflecting the

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

impacts of market volatility and higher interest rates. Additionally, the estimated fair values of FCC licenses in the three remaining markets, which had an aggregate carrying value of $787 million, were each within 10% of their respective carrying values.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, as a result of a management reorganization, the reporting units within our TV Media segment changed from three to two reporting units. Accordingly, we reallocated goodwill using a relative fair value approach and performed further qualitative goodwill impairment assessments on the two reporting units subsequent to the reallocation of goodwill, and concluded that the fair values of these reporting units continued to exceed their respective carrying values.

In the first quarter of 2022, in connection with changes to our management structure and the resulting change in operating segments, we reassessed our reporting units and reallocated goodwill from the four reporting units in place prior to the realignment to six reporting units, using a relative fair value approach. We performed goodwill impairment tests as of January 1, 2022 on the reporting units in place before and after the change and concluded that the fair values of these reporting units continued to exceed their respective carrying values with significant estimated headroom and, therefore, no impairment charge was required.

The following tables present the changes in the book value of goodwill by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
																																									
		Balance at		Acquisitions /			Foreign		Balance at
		December 31, 2021		(Dispositions)			Currency		December 31, 2022
TV Media:													
Goodwill			$	24,590 				$	— 				$	(85)				$	24,505 		
Accumulated impairment losses			(13,354)				— 				— 				(13,354)		
Goodwill, net of impairment			11,236 				— 				(85)				11,151 		
Direct-to-Consumer													
Goodwill			2,728 				— 				— 				2,728 		
Accumulated impairment losses			— 				— 				— 				— 		
Goodwill, net of impairment			2,728 				— 				— 				2,728 		
Filmed Entertainment:													
Goodwill			2,620 				— 				— 				2,620 		
Accumulated impairment losses			— 				— 				— 				— 		
Goodwill, net of impairment			2,620 				— 				— 				2,620 		
Total:													
Goodwill			29,938 				— 				(85)				29,853 		
Accumulated impairment losses			(13,354)				— 				— 				(13,354)		
Goodwill, net of impairment			$	16,584 				$	— 				$	(85)				$	16,499 		

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																																									
		Balance at		Acquisitions /			Foreign		Balance at
		December 31, 2020		(Dispositions)			Currency		December 31, 2021
TV Media:													
Goodwill			$	24,618 				$	16 				$	(44)				$	24,590 		
Accumulated impairment losses			(13,354)				— 				— 				(13,354)		
Goodwill, net of impairment 			11,264 				16 				(44)				11,236 		
Direct-to-Consumer:													
Goodwill			2,728 				— 				— 				2,728 		
Accumulated impairment losses			— 				— 				— 				— 		
Goodwill, net of impairment			2,728 				— 				— 				2,728 		
Filmed Entertainment:													
Goodwill			2,620 				— 				— 				2,620 		
Accumulated impairment losses			— 				— 				— 				— 		
Goodwill, net of impairment			2,620 				— 				— 				2,620 		
Total:													
Goodwill			29,966 				16 				(44)				29,938 		
Accumulated impairment losses			(13,354)				— 				— 				(13,354)		
Goodwill, net of impairment			$	16,612 				$	16 				$	(44)				$	16,584 		

Our intangible assets were as follows:
																	
			Accumulated		
At December 31, 2022	Gross		Amortization		Net
Intangible assets subject to amortization:					
Trade names	$	252 			$	(153)			$	99 	
Licenses	128 			(55)			73 	
Customer agreements	123 			(101)			22 	
Other intangible assets	234 			(181)			53 	
Total intangible assets subject to amortization	737 			(490)			247 	
FCC licenses	2,389 			— 			2,389 	
International broadcast licenses	24 			— 			24 	
Other intangible assets	34 			— 			34 	
Total intangible assets	$	3,184 			$	(490)			$	2,694 	

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																	
			Accumulated		
At December 31, 2021	Gross		Amortization		Net
Intangible assets subject to amortization:					
Trade names	$	257 			$	(140)			$	117 	
Licenses	140 			(53)			87 	
Customer agreements	124 			(98)			26 	
Other intangible assets	237 			(170)			67 	
Total intangible assets subject to amortization	758 			(461)			297 	
FCC licenses	2,416 			— 			2,416 	
International broadcast licenses	25 			— 			25 	
Other intangible assets	34 			— 			34 	
Total intangible assets	$	3,233 			$	(461)			$	2,772 	
Amortization expense was as follows:
																																			
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Amortization expense (a)
		$	68 					$	46 					$	85 		
(a) For 2022 and 2020, amortization expense includes impairment charges of $27 million and $25 million, respectively, to write down the carrying value of FCC licenses, which were recorded within the TV Media segment.

We expect our aggregate annual amortization expense for existing intangible assets subject to amortization for each of the years, 2023 through 2027, to be as follows:
																																																											
	2023		2024		2025		2026		2027
Future amortization expense		$	38 					$	29 					$	25 					$	24 					$	23 		
7) RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER CORPORATE MATTERS
During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded the following costs associated with restructuring and other corporate matters.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Severance (a)
	$	260 			$	65 			$	472 	
Lease impairments and other exit costs	68 			35 			70 	
Restructuring charges	328 			100 			542 	
Merger-related costs	— 			— 			56 	
Other corporate matters	257 			— 			20 	
Restructuring and other corporate matters	$	585 			$	100 			$	618 	
(a) Severance costs include the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation.

Restructuring Charges
Since the Merger, we have implemented a series of initiatives designed to integrate and transform our operations, including changes in our management structure, some of which resulted in changes to our operating segments (see Note 1). These initiatives led to restructuring actions, and as a result, we recorded restructuring charges of $260 million, $65 million, and $472 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for severance associated with the elimination of positions and changes in management. In 2022, the actions giving

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

rise to the restructuring charges are primarily associated with our segment realignment, our plan to integrate Showtime into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms, and restructuring of our international operations. In addition, since the Merger we have been consolidating our real estate portfolio to reduce our real estate footprint and create cost synergies. In connection with this consolidation, we identified lease assets that we determined we would not use and instead sublease or terminate early, which resulted in lease impairment charges of $68 million, $35 million, and $42 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the lease assets that we plan to sublease, the impairment charges were the result of a decline in market conditions since the inception of these leases and reflect the difference between the estimated fair values, which were determined based on the expected discounted future cash flows of the lease assets, and the carrying values. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we also recorded other exit costs of $28 million resulting from the termination of contractual obligations.

The following is a rollforward of our restructuring liability, which is recorded in “Other current liabilities” and “Other liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The majority of the restructuring liability at December 31, 2022, which primarily relates to severance payments, is expected to be paid by the end of 2023.
																																									
			2022 Activity		
	Balance at December 31, 2021		
Charges (a)
		Payments		Balance at December 31, 2022
TV Media		$	122 				$	221 				$	(92)					$	251 		
Direct-to-Consumer		— 				8 				— 					8 		
Filmed Entertainment		34 				17 				(22)					29 		
Corporate		34 				— 				(20)					14 		
Total		$	190 				$	246 				$	(134)					$	302 		
																																									
			2021 Activity		
	Balance at December 31, 2020		
Charges (a)
		Payments		Balance at December 31, 2021
TV Media		$	256 				$	21 				$	(155)					$	122 		
Filmed Entertainment		30 				23 				(19)					34 		
Corporate		86 				1 				(53)					34 		
Total		$	372 				$	45 				$	(227)					$	190 		
(a) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, excludes stock-based compensation expense of $14 million and $20 million, respectively, and lease asset impairments of $68 million and $35 million, respectively.

Other Corporate Matters
In 2022, in addition to the above-mentioned restructuring charges, we recorded charges for other corporate matters of $257 million, consisting of $211 million associated with litigation described under Legal Matters—Stockholder Matters in Note 20 and $46 million recorded following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022, principally to reserve against amounts due from counterparties in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine.

In 2020, in addition to the above-mentioned restructuring charges, we incurred costs of $56 million in connection with the Merger, consisting of professional fees mainly associated with integration activities, as well as transaction-related bonuses. We also incurred costs of $5 million for professional fees associated with dispositions and other corporate matters, and we recorded a charge of $15 million to write down property and equipment, which was classified as held for sale in 2020, to its fair value less costs to sell.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

8) RELATED PARTIES
National Amusements, Inc.
National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”) is the controlling stockholder of the Company. At December 31, 2022, NAI directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting Class A Common Stock and approximately 9.8% of our Class A Common Stock and non-voting Class B Common Stock on a combined basis. NAI is controlled by the Sumner M. Redstone National Amusements Part B General Trust (the “General Trust”), which owns 80% of the voting interest of NAI and acts by majority vote of seven voting trustees (subject to certain exceptions), including with respect to the NAI shares held by the General Trust. Shari E. Redstone, Chairperson, CEO and President of NAI and non-executive Chair of our Board of Directors, is one of the seven voting trustees for the General Trust and is one of two voting trustees who are beneficiaries of the General Trust. No member of our management or other member of our Board of Directors is a trustee of the General Trust.

Other Related Parties
In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in transactions with our equity-method investees, primarily for the licensing of television and film programming. The following tables present the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements related to these transactions.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	
2022 (a)
		2021		2020
Revenues	$	358 			$	237 			$	106 	
Operating expenses	$	24 			$	21 			$	13 	
											
At December 31,	
2022 (a)
		2021
Accounts receivable	$	198 			$	50 	
(a) Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 include amounts related to SkyShowtime.

Through the normal course of business, we are involved in other transactions with related parties that have not been material in any of the periods presented.
9) REVENUES
The table below presents our revenues disaggregated into categories based on the nature of such revenues. See Note 19 for revenues by segment disaggregated into these categories.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Revenues by Type:					
Advertising 	$	10,890 			$	11,412 			$	9,751 	
Affiliate and subscription	11,551 			10,442 			9,166 	
Theatrical	1,223 			241 			180 	
Licensing and other	6,490 			6,491 			6,188 	
Total Revenues	$	30,154 			$	28,586 			$	25,285 	

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Receivables
Included in “Other assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are noncurrent receivables of $1.61 billion and $1.84 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Noncurrent receivables primarily relate to revenues recognized under long-term content licensing arrangements. Revenues from the licensing of content are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, while the related cash is generally collected over the term of the license period.

Our receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at December 31, 2022 or 2021, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which our products and services are sold.

Contract Liabilities
Contract liabilities are included within “Deferred revenues” and “Other liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were $1.06 billion, $1.20 billion and $1.12 billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recognized revenues of $0.9 billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and $0.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 that were included in the opening balance of deferred revenues for the respective year.

Unrecognized Revenues Under Contract
At December 31, 2022, unrecognized revenues attributable to unsatisfied performance obligations under our long-term contracts were approximately $9 billion, of which $4 billion is expected to be recognized in 2023, $2 billion in 2024, $1 billion in 2025, and $2 billion thereafter. These amounts only include contracts subject to a guaranteed fixed amount or the guaranteed minimum under variable contracts, primarily consisting of television and film licensing contracts and affiliate agreements that are subject to a fixed or guaranteed minimum fee. Such amounts change on a regular basis as we renew existing agreements or enter into new agreements. Unrecognized revenues under contracts disclosed above do not include (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year or less, mainly consisting of advertising contracts (ii) contracts for which variable consideration is determined based on the customer’s subsequent sale or usage, mainly consisting of affiliate agreements and (iii) long-term licensing agreements for multiple programs for which variable consideration is determined based on the value of the programs delivered to the customer and our right to invoice corresponds with the value delivered.

Performance Obligations Satisfied in Previous Periods
Under certain licensing arrangements, the amount and timing of our revenue recognition is determined based on our licensees’ subsequent sale to its end customers. As a result, under such arrangements, we often satisfy our performance obligation of delivery of our content in advance of revenue recognition. We recognized revenues of $0.4 billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, from arrangements for the licensing of our content, including from distributors of transactional video-on-demand and electronic sell-through services and other licensing arrangement, as well as from the theatrical distribution of our films, for which our performance obligation was satisfied in a prior period.



PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

10) DEBT
Our debt consists of the following:
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
7.875% Debentures due 2023
	$	139 			$	139 	
7.125% Senior Notes due 2023
	35 			35 	
3.875% Senior Notes due 2024
	— 			490 	
3.70% Senior Notes due 2024
	— 			599 	
3.50% Senior Notes due 2025
	— 			597 	
4.75% Senior Notes due 2025
	552 			1,242 	
4.0% Senior Notes due 2026
	795 			793 	
3.45% Senior Notes due 2026
	124 			123 	
2.90% Senior Notes due 2027
	694 			692 	
3.375% Senior Notes due 2028
	496 			496 	
3.70% Senior Notes due 2028
	494 			493 	
4.20% Senior Notes due 2029
	495 			494 	
7.875% Senior Debentures due 2030
	830 			830 	
4.95% Senior Notes due 2031
	1,226 			1,223 	
4.20% Senior Notes due 2032
	975 			972 	
5.50% Senior Debentures due 2033
	427 			427 	
4.85% Senior Debentures due 2034
	87 			87 	
6.875% Senior Debentures due 2036
	1,071 			1,070 	
6.75% Senior Debentures due 2037
	75 			75 	
5.90% Senior Notes due 2040
	298 			298 	
4.50% Senior Debentures due 2042
	45 			45 	
4.85% Senior Notes due 2042
	488 			488 	
4.375% Senior Debentures due 2043
	1,130 			1,123 	
4.875% Senior Debentures due 2043
	18 			18 	
5.85% Senior Debentures due 2043
	1,233 			1,233 	
5.25% Senior Debentures due 2044
	345 			345 	
4.90% Senior Notes due 2044
	541 			540 	
4.60% Senior Notes due 2045
	590 			590 	
4.95% Senior Notes due 2050
	946 			944 	
5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2057
	— 			514 	
6.25% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2057
	643 			643 	
6.375% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062
	989 			— 	
Other bank borrowings	55 			35 	
Obligations under finance leases	10 			16 	
Total debt (a)
	15,846 			17,709 	
Less current portion of long-term debt
	239 			11 	
Total long-term debt, net of current portion	$	15,607 			$	17,698 	
(a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the senior and junior subordinated debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $442 million and $466 million, respectively, and (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $89 million and $95 million, respectively. The face value of our total debt was $16.38 billion at December 31, 2022 and $18.27 billion at December 31, 2021.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed senior notes totaling $2.39 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.49 billion and redeemed, at par, our $520 million of 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due February 2057. These redemptions resulted in a total pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $120 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued $1.00 billion of 6.375% junior subordinated debentures due 2062. The interest rate on these debentures will reset on March 30, 2027, and every five years thereafter to a fixed rate equal to the 5-year Treasury Rate (as defined pursuant to the terms of the debentures) plus a spread of 3.999%

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

from March 30, 2027, 4.249% from March 30, 2032 and 4.999% from March 30, 2047. These debentures can be called by us at par plus a make whole premium any time before March 30, 2027, or at par on March 30, 2027 or on any interest payment date thereafter.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed senior notes totaling $1.99 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.11 billion resulting in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $128 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we issued $4.50 billion of senior notes and redeemed long-term debt totaling $2.77 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.88 billion resulting in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $126 million.

Our 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due February 2057 accrue interest at the stated fixed rate until February 28, 2027, on which date the rate will switch to a floating rate. Under the terms of the debentures the floating rate is based on three-month LIBOR plus 3.899%, reset quarterly, however, with the phasing out of LIBOR and the passage of the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, signed into law on March 15, 2022, it is expected that the 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due 2057 will, upon switching to a floating rate, bear interest at a replacement rate based on three-month CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). These debentures can be called by us at par at any time after the expiration of the fixed-rate period.

The interest rate payable on our 3.45% senior notes due October 2026, will be subject to adjustment from time to time if Moody’s Investor Services, Inc. or S&P Global Ratings downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to these senior notes. The interest rate on these senior notes would increase by 0.25% upon each credit agency downgrade, up to a maximum of 2.00%, and would similarly be decreased for subsequent upgrades. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of these senior notes was $124 million.

Some of our outstanding notes and debentures provide for certain covenant packages typical for an investment grade company. There is an acceleration trigger for the majority of the notes and debentures in the event of a change in control under specified circumstances coupled with ratings downgrades due to the change in control, as well as certain optional redemption provisions for our junior debentures.

At December 31, 2022, our scheduled maturities of long-term debt at face value, which excludes payments for the related interest and finance leases, were as follows:
																																																		
																2028 and
	2023	2024	2025	2026	2027	Thereafter
Long-term debt		$	174 				$	— 				$	555 				$	924 				$	700 			$	13,959 	
Commercial Paper
At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings.

Credit Facility
At December 31, 2022, we had a $3.50 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity in January 2025 (the “Credit Facility”). The Credit Facility is used for general corporate purposes and to support commercial paper borrowings, if any. We may, at our option, also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the Credit Facility. Borrowing rates under the Credit Facility are determined at the time of each borrowing and are generally based on either the prime rate in the U.S. or an applicable benchmark rate plus a margin (based on our

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

senior unsecured debt rating), depending on the type and tenor of the loans entered. The benchmark rate for loans denominated in euros, sterling and yen is based on EURIBOR, SONIA and TIBOR rates, respectively. The Credit Facility has one principal financial covenant that requires our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio to be less than 4.5x (which we may elect to increase to 5.0x for up to four consecutive quarters following a qualified acquisition) at the end of each quarter. The Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio reflects the ratio of our Consolidated Indebtedness at the end of a quarter, to our Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the amended credit agreement) for the trailing twelve-month period. On February 14, 2022, we amended our Credit Facility to modify the definition of the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio in the amended credit agreement to allow unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to be netted against Consolidated Indebtedness through June 2024. We met the covenant as of December 31, 2022.

At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and the remaining availability under the Credit Facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $3.50 billion.
Other Bank Borrowings
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had bank borrowings under Miramax’s $300 million credit facility, which matures in April 2023, of $55 million and $35 million, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of 7.09% and 3.50%, respectively.
11) LEASES
Lessee Contracts
We have operating leases primarily for office space, equipment, satellite transponders and studio facilities. We also have finance leases for equipment, which were not material for the periods presented. Lease costs are generally fixed, with certain contracts containing variable payments for non-lease costs based on usage and escalations in the lessors’ annual costs.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets relating to our operating leases.
											
	2022		2021
Right-of-Use Assets			
Operating lease assets	$	1,391 			$	1,630 	
			
Lease Liabilities			
Other current liabilities	$	292 			$	325 	
Operating lease liabilities	1,428 			1,598 	
Total lease liabilities	$	1,720 			$	1,923 	
											
	2022		2021
Weighted average remaining lease term	7 years		8 years
			
Weighted average discount rate	3.6 	%		3.4 	%


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table presents our lease cost relating to our operating leases.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Operating lease cost (a) (b)
	$	373 			$	374 			$	379 	
Short-term lease cost (b) (c)
	306 			283 			162 	
Variable lease cost (b) (d)
	77 			62 			58 	
Sublease income	(12)			(20)			(24)	
Total lease cost	$	744 			$	699 			$	575 	
(a) Includes fixed lease costs and non-lease costs (consisting of other occupancy and service costs relating to the use of an asset) associated with long-term operating leases.
(b) Includes costs capitalized in programming assets during the period for leased assets used in the production of programming.
(c) Short-term leases, which are not recorded in right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, have a term of 12 months or less and exclude month-to-month leases.
(d) Primarily includes non-lease costs (consisting of other occupancy and service costs relating to the use of an asset) and costs for equipment leases that vary based on usage.

The following table presents supplemental cash flow information for our operating leases.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Payments for amounts included in operating lease
   liabilities (operating cash flows)	$	394 			$	399 			$	385 	
					
Noncash additions to operating lease assets	$	170 			$	377 			$	221 	
The expected future payments relating to our operating lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 are as follows:
					
2023	$	346 	
2024	294 	
2025	266 	
2026	227 	
2027	202 	
2028 and thereafter	654 	
Total minimum payments	1,989 	
Less amounts representing interest	269 	
Present value of minimum payments	$	1,720 	
As of December 31, 2022, we had no material leases that were executed but not yet commenced.

Lessor Contracts
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded total lease income of $65 million, $145 million and $133 million, respectively, which relates to operating leases of our owned production facilities and office buildings. Lease payments received under these agreements consist of fixed payments for the rental of space and certain building operating costs, as well as variable payments based on usage of production facilities and services, and escalating costs of building operations. The lower lease income for 2022 compared with prior years is the result of the sales of a production facility and an office building during the fourth quarter of 2021 (see Note 2). Accordingly, our future fixed lease income is not expected to be material.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

12) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates fair value, except for notes and debentures. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our outstanding notes and debentures was $15.78 billion and $17.66 billion, respectively, and the fair value, which is determined based on quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy) was $13.9 billion and $21.5 billion, respectively.

Investments
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in “Other assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are equity-method investments of $375 million and $568 million, respectively, and equity investments without a readily determinable fair value for which we have no significant influence of $70 million and $59 million, respectively.

Our equity-method investments include a 50% interest in SkyShowtime, a joint venture formed in 2022, which launched a new subscription streaming service in certain European territories, as well as interests in several international television joint ventures including a 49% interest in Viacom18, a joint venture in India. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, “Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations included impairment charges of $34 million and $9 million, respectively, relating to television joint ventures.

During September 2022, we sold a 37.5% interest in The CW to Nexstar Media Inc. and received a noncash distribution of $139 million, comprised of certain licensing receivables earned by The CW prior to the sale. This transaction, which reduced our ownership in The CW to 12.5%, resulted in a loss of $4 million, which principally consists of transaction costs. This loss, along with an impairment of an investment sold in the fourth quarter of 2022 of $5 million, is recorded in “Net gains (losses) from investments” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

For 2021, “Net gains from investments” of $47 million on the Consolidated Statement of Operations primarily includes a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment without a readily determinable fair value and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of a marketable security, which was sold in the third quarter of 2021. For 2020, “Net gains from investments” of $206 million reflects a gain of $213 million related to an increase in the value of our investment in fuboTV, Inc. which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by an impairment of investments without a readily determinable fair value of $7 million.

Foreign Exchange Contracts
We use derivative financial instruments primarily to manage our exposure to market risks from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We do not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, we do not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.

Foreign exchange forward contracts have principally been used to hedge projected cash flows in currencies such as the British Pound, the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and the Australian Dollar, generally for periods up to 24 months. We designate foreign exchange forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions as cash flow hedges. Additionally, we enter into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-U.S. dollar denominated cash flows. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $3.06 billion and $1.94 billion, respectively. For 2022, $2.40 billion related to future production costs and $655 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows. For 2021, $1.38 billion related to

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

future production costs and $564 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows.

Gains recognized on derivative financial instruments were as follows:
																													
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		Financial Statement Account
Non-designated foreign exchange contracts		$	51 					$	14 				Other items, net

We continually monitor our positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to our financial instruments. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. However, we do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
13) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The table below presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These assets and liabilities have been categorized according to the three-level fair value hierarchy established by the FASB, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. Level 1 is based on publicly quoted prices for the asset or liability in active markets. Level 2 is based on inputs that are observable other than quoted market prices in active markets, such as quoted prices for the asset or liability in inactive markets or quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities. Level 3 is based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. All of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis use Level 2 inputs. The fair value of foreign currency hedges is determined based on the present value of future cash flows using observable inputs including foreign currency exchange rates. The fair value of deferred compensation liabilities is determined based on the fair value of the investments elected by employees.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Assets:			
Foreign currency hedges	$	39 			$	23 	
Total Assets	$	39 			$	23 	
Liabilities:			
Deferred compensation 	$	336 			$	435 	
Foreign currency hedges	83 			29 	
Total Liabilities	$	419 			$	464 	
During the fourth quarter 2022, we recorded an impairment charge of $27 million to write down the carrying values of FCC licenses in two markets to their estimated fair values, which were determined based on the Greenfield Discounted Cash Flow Method (Level 3). See Note 6.
14) VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES
In the normal course of business, we enter into joint ventures or make investments with business partners that support our underlying business strategy and provide us the ability to enter new markets to expand the reach of our brands, develop new programming and/or distribute our existing content. In certain instances, an entity in which we make an investment may qualify as a VIE. In determining whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we assess whether we have the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the activities of the VIE, and have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following tables present the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements related to our consolidated VIEs.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Total assets	$	1,961 			$	1,578 	
			
Total liabilities	$	328 			$	184 	
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		
2020 (a)
Revenues 	$	524 			$	576 			$	705 	
					
Operating income (loss)
	$	(56)			$	43 			$	498 	
(a) The revenue and operating income include the licensing of the streaming rights to South Park by a consolidated 51%-owned VIE in 2020.
15) STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
In general, the Company’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have the same economic rights; however, holders of the Company’s Class B Common Stock do not have any voting rights, except as required by law. Holders of the Company’s Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share with respect to all matters on which the holders of the Company’s Common Stock are entitled to vote.

Stock Offerings
On March 26, 2021, we completed offerings of 20 million shares of our Class B Common Stock at a price to the public of $85 per share and 10 million shares of 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at a price to the public and liquidation preference of $100 per share. The net proceeds from the Class B Common Stock offering and the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock offering were approximately $1.67 billion and $983 million, respectively, in each case after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock had an aggregate liquidation preference of $1 billion.

Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock
Unless earlier converted, each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically and mandatorily convert on the mandatory conversion date, expected to be April 1, 2024, into between 1.0013 and 1.1765 shares of our Class B Common Stock, subject to customary antidilution adjustments. The number of shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon conversion will be determined based on the average of the volume-weighted average price per share of our Class B Common Stock over the 20 consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately preceding April 1, 2024. Holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (“Holders”) have the right to convert all or any portion of their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at any time prior to April 1, 2024 at the minimum conversion rate of 1.0013 shares of our Class B Common Stock. In addition, the conversion rate applicable to such an early conversion may, in certain circumstances, be increased to compensate Holders for certain unpaid accumulated dividends. However, if a fundamental change (as defined in the Certificate of Designations governing the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock) occurs on or prior to April 1, 2024, then Holders will, in certain circumstances, be entitled to convert all or a portion of their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at an increased conversion rate for a specified period of time and receive an amount to compensate them for unpaid accumulated dividends and any remaining future scheduled dividend payments. In 2022, conversions of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into Class B Common Stock were minimal.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable. However, at our option, we may purchase or otherwise acquire (including in an exchange transaction) the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, by tender or exchange offer or otherwise, without the consent of, or notice to, Holders. Holders have no voting rights, with certain exceptions.

If declared, dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are payable quarterly through April 1, 2024. Dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock accumulate from the most recent dividend payment date, and will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, at an annual rate of 5.75% of the liquidation preference of $100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of Class B Common Stock or through any combination of cash and shares of Class B Common Stock, at our election. If we have not declared any portion of the accumulated and unpaid dividends by April 1, 2024, the conversion rate will be adjusted so that Holders receive an additional number of shares of our Class B Common Stock, with certain limitations.

Dividends
We declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Class A and Class B Common Stock during each of the quarters of 2022, 2021, and 2020. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we declared total per share dividends of $.96, resulting in total annual dividends of $635 million, $625 million and $601 million, respectively.

During each of the quarters of 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.4375 per share on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, resulting in total annual dividends of $58 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded total annual dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $44 million. During each of the third and fourth quarters of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of 1.4375 per share. During the second quarter of 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of $1.5493 per share, representing a dividend period from March 26, 2021 through July 1, 2021.

Treasury Stock
At December 31, 2022, we had $2.36 billion of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. During 2022, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. During 2020, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of our Class B Common Stock under our share repurchase program for $50 million, at an average cost of $38.63 per share.

Common Stock Conversion Rights
Holders of Class A Common Stock have the right to convert their shares to Class B Common Stock as long as there are at least 5,000 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. In 2022 and 2020, conversions of Class A Common Stock into Class B Common Stock were minimal. In 2021, conversions of Class A Common Stock into Class B Common Stock were 11.6 million.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The following table presents the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
																																																		
	Continuing Operations		Discontinued Operations				
					Net Actuarial							Accumulated
	Cumulative 		Loss and			Other		Other
	Translation		Prior			Comprehensive		Comprehensive
	Adjustments		Service Cost			
Income (Loss) (a)
		Loss
At December 31, 2019		$	(438)					$	(1,507)						$	(25)					$	(1,970)		
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications		135 					(74)						5 					66 		
Reclassifications to net earnings		— 					72 		
(b)
				— 					72 		
Other comprehensive income (loss)		135 					(2)						5 					138 		
At December 31, 2020		(303)					(1,509)						(20)					(1,832)		
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications		(142)					5 						(3)					(140)		
Reclassifications to net earnings		— 					70 		
(b)
				— 					70 		
Other comprehensive income (loss)		(142)					75 						(3)					(70)		
At December 31, 2021		(445)					(1,434)						(23)					(1,902)		
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications		(235)					273 						(7)					31 		
Reclassifications to net earnings		— 					64 		
(b)
				— 					64 		
Other comprehensive income (loss)		(235)					337 						(7)					95 		
At December 31, 2022		$	(680)					$	(1,097)						$	(30)					$	(1,807)		
(a) Reflects cumulative translation adjustments.
(b) Reflects amortization of net actuarial losses, which for 2021 includes the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans, and amortization of prior service cost (see Note 18).

The net actuarial loss and prior service cost related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans included in other comprehensive income (loss) is net of a tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 of $108 million, $25 million and $1 million, respectively.
16) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
We have long-term equity-based incentive plans (the “Plans”) under which stock options, RSUs and PSUs are issued. The purpose of the Plans is to benefit and advance the interests of our company by attracting, retaining and motivating participants and to compensate participants for their contributions to the financial success of our company. The Plans provide for awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted and unrestricted shares, RSUs, dividend equivalents, performance awards and other equity-related awards. RSUs and PSUs accrue dividends each time we declare a quarterly cash dividend, which are paid upon vesting when the shares are delivered and are forfeited if the award does not vest. Upon exercise of stock options or vesting of RSUs and PSUs, we issue new shares from our existing authorization. At December 31, 2022, there were 32 million shares available for future grant under the Plans. Stock-based compensation awards were also granted under Viacom’s equity incentive plans until December 31, 2021. Upon exercise of outstanding stock options or vesting of RSUs and PSUs previously granted under Viacom’s equity incentive plans, shares may be issued from Viacom’s previous authorization or from treasury stock.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
RSUs and PSUs	$	155 			$	163 			$	167 	
Stock options 	3 			9 			19 	
Expense included in operating and SG&A	158 			172 			186 	
Expense included in restructuring and other corporate matters (a)
	14 			20 			88 	
Stock-based compensation expense, before income taxes	172 			192 			274 	
Related tax benefit	(35)			(41)			(54)	
Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax benefit	$	137 			$	151 			$	220 	
(a) Reflects accelerations as a result of restructuring activities.

Included in net earnings from discontinued operations was stock-based compensation expense of $3 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and $10 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

RSUs and PSUs
Compensation expense for RSUs is determined based upon the market price of the shares underlying the awards on the date of grant and expensed over the vesting period, which is generally a one- to four-year service period. Forfeitures for RSUs are estimated on the date of grant based on historical forfeiture rates and adjusted based on actual forfeitures. On an annual basis, we revise the estimated forfeiture rate, as necessary.

For PSU awards the number of shares to be issued upon vesting is based on the total shareholder return of the Company’s Class B Common Stock measured against the companies comprising the S&P 500 Index over a designated measurement period, and for certain 2022 and 2021 awards is also based on the achievement of established operating goals. The fair value of PSU awards with a market condition is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and is expensed over the required employee service period. Compensation expense for PSUs is not adjusted for the actual number of shares issued based on the outcome of the market condition for completed performance periods. The fair value of PSU awards with internal performance conditions is based on the market price of the shares on the date of grant, and is expensed based on the probable outcome of internal performance metrics and subsequently adjusted to reflect the actual shares issued based on the outcome of the performance metrics for completed performance periods. Compensation expense is adjusted for non-performance based forfeitures for all PSU awards. The fair value of PSU awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $43 million, $3 million and $34 million, respectively.

The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs and PSUs granted was $31.58, $35.80 and $32.35 in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total market value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $77 million, $260 million and $222 million, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs and PSUs at December 31, 2022 was $244 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.46 years.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table summarizes our RSU and PSU share activity:
																				
		Weighted Average
	Shares	Grant Date Fair Value
Non-vested at December 31, 2021		7,730,664 				$	37.14 		
Granted		7,494,771 				$	31.58 		
Vested		(3,206,135)				$	39.32 		
Forfeited 		(903,929)				$	33.90 		
Non-vested at December 31, 2022		11,115,371 				$	33.02 		

Stock Options
Compensation expense for stock options is determined based on the grant date fair value of the award calculated using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model. Stock options generally vest over a three- to four-year service period and expire eight years from the date of grant. Forfeitures are estimated on the date of grant based on historical forfeiture rates. We adjust the compensation expense based on actual forfeitures.
There were no stock option grants during any of the periods presented.
At December 31, 2022, all stock options are vested and there is no remaining unrecognized compensation cost.

The following table summarizes our stock option activity under the Plans.
																							
					Weighted Average
	Stock Options		Exercise Price
Outstanding at December 31, 2021		6,202,575 					$	63.85 		
Forfeited or expired 		(1,105,628)					$	80.76 		
Outstanding at December 31, 2022		5,096,947 					$	60.18 		
Exercisable at December 31, 2022		5,096,947 					$	60.18 		
The following table summarizes other information relating to stock option exercises during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There were no stock option exercises during the year ended December 31, 2022.
											
Year Ended December 31, 	2021		2020
Cash received from stock option exercises	$	408 			$	5 	
Tax benefit of stock option exercises	$	29 			$	1 	
Intrinsic value of stock option exercises	$	128 			$	2 	
At December 31, 2022, stock options outstanding and exercisable have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 2.06 years. There was no intrinsic value for options outstanding and exercisable, based on our closing stock price of $16.88 at December 31, 2022.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

17) INCOME TAXES
The U.S. and foreign components of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies were as follows:
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
United States	$	324 			$	4,106 			$	2,353 	
Foreign	942 			1,100 			794 	
Total	$	1,266 			$	5,206 			$	3,147 	
The components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes were as follows:
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Current:					
Federal	$	75 			$	179 			$	160 	
State and local	64 			138 			73 	
Foreign	194 			239 			180 	
Total current	333 			556 			413 	
Deferred:					
Federal	(57)			249 			146 	
State and local 	(14)			49 			42 	
Foreign	(35)			(208)			(66)	
Total deferred	(106)			90 			122 	
Provision for income taxes	$	227 			$	646 			$	535 	
In addition, included in net earnings from discontinued operations was an income tax provision of $77 million, $57 million and $38 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

The equity in loss of investee companies is shown net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The tax benefit relating to losses from equity investments was $33 million in 2022, $49 million in 2021 and $19 million in 2020, which represented an effective tax rate of 13.9%, 35.0% and 40.4% for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The difference between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21% and the provision (benefit) for income taxes is summarized as follows:
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Taxes on income at U.S. federal statutory rate	$	266 			$	1,093 			$	661 	
State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit	44 			190 			116 	
Effect of foreign operations	(20)			(141)			(98)	
Noncontrolling interests	(20)			(13)			(52)	
U.K. statutory rate change	— 			(260)			(100)	
Reorganization of foreign operations (a)
	(72)			(229)			— 	
Excess tax (benefit) deficiency from stock-based
    compensation	13 			(8)			29 	
Other, net
	16 			14 			(21)	
Provision for income taxes	$	227 			$	646 			$	535 	
(a) For 2022, reflects a deferred tax benefit resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations. The related deferred tax asset is primarily expected to be realized over a 25-year period. For 2021, reflects a tax benefit from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary.
The following table summarizes the components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Deferred income tax assets:			
Reserves and other accrued liabilities	$	430 			$	369 	
Pension, postretirement and other employee benefits	534 			679 	
Lease liability	425 			465 	
Tax credit and loss carryforwards	397 			428 	
Interest limitation carryforward	93 			— 	
Capitalized costs	49 			— 	
Other	11 			23 	
Total deferred income tax assets	1,939 			1,964 	
Valuation allowance	(488)			(581)	
Deferred income tax assets, net	1,451 			1,383 	
Deferred income tax liabilities:			
Intangible assets	(643)			(523)	
Unbilled licensing receivables	— 			(76)	
Lease asset	(344)			(391)	
Property, equipment and other assets	(180)			(171)	
Financing obligations	(69)			(65)	
Other	(50)			(14)	
Total deferred income tax liabilities	(1,286)			(1,240)	
Deferred income tax assets, net	$	165 			$	143 	
In addition to the amounts reflected in the table above, included in “Assets of discontinued operations” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are net deferred income tax assets of $55 million and $80 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

At December 31, 2022, we had deferred income tax assets for federal foreign tax credit carryforwards of $43 million and net operating loss carryforwards for federal, state and local, and foreign jurisdictions of $261 million,

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

the majority of which expire in various years from 2023 through 2038. The deferred tax asset for the federal interest limitation carryforward of $93 million at December 31, 2022 has an indefinite carryforward period.

The 2022 and 2021 deferred income tax assets were reduced by a valuation allowance of $488 million and $581 million, respectively, principally relating to income tax benefits from capital losses and net operating losses in foreign jurisdictions which are not expected to be realized.

Generally, the future remittance of foreign undistributed earnings will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes and as a result, for substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries, we do not intend to assert indefinite reinvestment of both cash held outside of the U.S. and future cash earnings. However, a future repatriation of cash could be subject to state and local income taxes, foreign income taxes, tax on foreign currency translation gains and losses, and withholding taxes. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, we recorded deferred income tax liabilities associated with future repatriations of $13 million on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Additional income taxes have not been provided for outside basis differences inherent in these entities, which could be recognized upon sale or other transaction, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely invested in foreign operations. The determination of the U.S. federal deferred income tax liability for such outside basis difference is not practicable.

The following table sets forth the change in the reserve for uncertain tax positions, excluding related accrued interest and penalties.
					
At January 1, 2020	$	384 	
Additions for current year tax positions	15 	
Additions for prior year tax positions	18 	
Reductions for prior year tax positions	(34)	
Cash settlements	(2)	
Statute of limitations lapses	(9)	
Reclassification to deferred income tax liability	(64)	
At December 31, 2020	308 	
Additions for current year tax positions	23 	
Additions for prior year tax positions	32 	
Reductions for prior year tax positions	(45)	
Cash settlements	(6)	
Statute of limitations lapses	(11)	
At December 31, 2021	301 	
Additions for current year tax positions	16 	
Additions for prior year tax positions	3 	
Reductions for prior year tax positions	(13)	
Cash settlements	(2)	
Statute of limitations lapses	(2)	
At December 31, 2022	$	303 	
The reserve for uncertain tax positions of $303 million at December 31, 2022 includes $272 million which would affect our effective income tax rate, including discontinued operations, if and when recognized in future years. We recognized interest and penalties of $14 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and $16 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have recorded liabilities for accrued interest and penalties of $67 million and $56 million, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Viacom and CBS filed separate tax returns for periods prior to the Merger. For CBS, we are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the 2017 and 2018 tax years. For Viacom, we are currently under examination by the IRS for the 2016 through 2019 tax years. For tax returns filed as a merged company, we are currently under examination by the IRS for the 2019 tax year. Various tax years are also currently under examination by state and local and foreign tax authorities. With respect to open tax years in all jurisdictions, we currently do not believe that it is reasonably possible that the reserve for uncertain tax positions will significantly change within the next 12 months; however, it is difficult to predict the final outcome or timing of resolution of any particular tax matter and events could cause our current expectation to change in the future.
18) PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries sponsor qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans, principally non-contributory, covering eligible employees. Our pension plans consist of both funded and unfunded plans. The majority of participants in these plans are retired employees or former employees of previously divested businesses. In November 2020, our remaining defined benefit pension plans subject to benefit accruals, which were sponsored by CBS prior to the Merger, were amended to freeze future benefit accruals and benefits were enhanced under defined contribution plans that were previously sponsored by CBS, both of which were effective January 1, 2021. As a result of the pension plan amendments, a curtailment gain of $79 million associated with the elimination of benefit accruals for future services of the impacted employees was reflected in unrecognized actuarial loss included within “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the year ended December 31, 2020. Plan benefits are based primarily on an employee’s years of service and pay for each year that the employee participated in the plan. We fund our pension plans in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”), the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and other applicable law, rules and regulations. Plan assets consist principally of corporate bonds, equity securities, common collective trust funds, U.S. government securities and short-term investments. The Company’s Common Stock represented approximately 1.2% and 1.5% of the fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

In addition, the Company sponsors health and welfare plans that provide postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible retired employees and their covered dependents. Eligibility is based in part on certain age and service requirements at the time of their retirement. Most of the plans are contributory and contain cost-sharing features such as deductibles and coinsurance which are adjusted annually, as well as caps on the annual dollar amount we will contribute toward the cost of coverage. Claims and premiums for which we are responsible are paid with our own funds.

The pension plan disclosures herein include information related to our domestic pension and postretirement benefit plans only, unless otherwise noted. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Consolidated Balance Sheets also include a liability of $45 million and $53 million, respectively, in “Pension and postretirement benefit obligations” relating to our non-U.S. pension plans and certain other retirement severance plans.

We use a December 31 measurement date for all pension and other postretirement benefit plans.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following table sets forth the change in benefit obligation for our pension and postretirement benefit plans.
																							
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
	2022		2021		2022		2021
Change in benefit obligation:							
Benefit obligation, beginning of year	$	4,909 			$	5,162 			$	276 			$	322 	
Service cost	— 			— 			1 			1 	
Interest cost	150 			145 			8 			8 	
Actuarial gain	(1,089)			(45)			(29)			(18)	
Benefits paid	(309)			(320)			(43)			(46)	
Settlements paid	— 			(33)			— 			— 	
Participants’ contributions	— 			— 			6 			5 	
Retiree Medicare drug subsidy	— 			— 			3 			4 	
Benefit obligation, end of year	$	3,661 			$	4,909 			$	222 			$	276 	
The actuarial gain of $1.09 billion, included in the change in benefit obligation for pension benefits in 2022, was driven by a 270 basis point increase in the discount rate from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022.

The following table sets forth the change in plan assets for our pension and postretirement benefit plans.
																							
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
	2022		2021		2022		2021
Change in plan assets:							
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year	$	3,191 			$	3,347 			$	— 			$	— 	
Actual (loss) return on plan assets	(592)			116 			— 			— 	
Employer contributions	73 			81 			34 			37 	
Benefits paid	(309)			(320)			(43)			(46)	
Settlements paid	— 			(33)			— 			— 	
Participants’ contributions	— 			— 			6 			5 	
Retiree Medicare drug subsidy	— 			— 			3 			4 	
Fair value of plan assets, end of year	$	2,363 			$	3,191 			$	— 			$	— 	
The funded status of pension and postretirement benefit obligations and the related amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows:
																							
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
At December 31,	2022		2021		2022		2021
Funded status at end of year	$	(1,298)			$	(1,718)			$	(222)			$	(276)	
Amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:							
Other assets	$	— 			$	7 			$	— 			$	— 	
Current liabilities	(73)			(73)			(34)			(35)	
Noncurrent liabilities	(1,225)			(1,652)			(188)			(241)	
Net amounts recognized	$	(1,298)			$	(1,718)			$	(222)			$	(276)	
Our qualified pension plans were underfunded by $485 million and $655 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

The following amounts were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
																							
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
At December 31,	2022		2021		2022		2021
Net actuarial (loss) gain	$	(1,646)			$	(2,068)			$	157 			$	143 	
Net prior service cost	(1)			(1)			— 			— 	
Share of equity investee	— 			(1)			— 			— 	
	(1,647)			(2,070)			157 			143 	
Deferred income taxes 	438 			541 			(17)			(14)	
Net amount recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss)
	$	(1,209)			$	(1,529)			$	140 			$	129 	
The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $3.66 billion and $4.91 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
Information for the pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets is set forth below.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Projected and accumulated benefit obligation	$	3,661 			$	4,908 	
Fair value of plan assets	$	2,363 			$	3,184 	
The following tables present the components of net periodic benefit cost and amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).
																																			
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020		2022		2021		2020
Components of net periodic cost:											
Service cost	$	— 			$	— 			$	30 			$	1 			$	1 			$	2 	
Interest cost	150 			145 			164 			8 			8 			11 	
Expected return on plan assets	(172)			(188)			(194)			— 			— 			— 	
Amortization of actuarial losses (gains)	97 			93 			103 			(15)			(15)			(15)	
Amortization of prior service cost 	— 			— 			2 			— 			— 			1 	
Settlements (a)
	— 			10 			— 			— 			— 			— 	
Net periodic cost (b)
	$	75 			$	60 			$	105 			$	(6)			$	(6)			$	(1)	
(a) Reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
(b) Includes amounts reflected in net earnings from discontinued operations of $3 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.
The service cost component of net periodic cost is presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations within operating income. All other components of net periodic cost are presented below operating income, in “Other items, net.”

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																																			
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020		2022		2021		2020
Other comprehensive income (loss):											
Actuarial (loss) gain	$	325 			$	(27)			$	(173)			$	29 			$	18 			$	8 	
Share of equity investee	1 			1 			— 			— 			— 			— 	
Curtailment gain	— 			— 			79 			— 			— 			— 	
Settlements	— 			10 			— 			— 			— 			— 	
Amortization of actuarial losses (gains) 	97 			93 			103 			(15)			(15)			(15)	
Amortization of prior service cost 	— 			— 			2 			— 			— 			1 	
	423 			77 			11 			14 			3 			(6)	
Deferred income taxes	(103)			(19)			(3)			(3)			(1)			1 	
Recognized in other comprehensive income
   (loss), net of tax	$	320 			$	58 			$	8 			$	11 			$	2 			$	(5)	

																																			
	Pension Benefits		Postretirement Benefits
	2022		2021		2020		2022		2021		2020
Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31:											
Discount rate	5.9 	%		3.2 	%		2.9 	%		6.0 	%		3.0 	%		2.6 	%
Rate of compensation increase	— 	%		— 	%		— 	%		N/A		N/A		N/A
Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic costs for the year ended December 31:											
Discount rate	3.2 	%		2.9 	%		3.4 	%		3.0 	%		2.6 	%		3.3 	%
Expected long-term return on plan assets	5.6 	%		5.9 	%		6.4 	%		N/A		N/A		N/A
Cash balance interest crediting rate	5.0 	%		5.0 	%		5.0 	%		N/A		N/A		N/A
Rate of compensation increase	— 	%		— 	%		3.0 	%		N/A		N/A		N/A
N/A - not applicable

The discount rates are determined primarily based on the yield of a portfolio of high quality bonds, providing cash flows necessary to meet the pension plans’ expected future benefit payments, as determined for the projected benefit obligations. The expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets.

The following additional assumptions were used in accounting for postretirement benefits.
											
	2022		2021
Projected health care cost trend rate (pre-65)	6.8 	%		7.0 	%
Projected health care cost trend rate (post-65)	6.8 	%		7.0 	%
Ultimate trend rate	5.0 	%		5.0 	%
Year ultimate trend rate is achieved 	2030		2030

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Plan Assets
The Paramount Global Investments Committee (the “Committee”) determines the strategy for the investment of pension plan assets. The Committee establishes target asset allocations for our pension plan trusts based upon an analysis of the timing and amount of projected benefit payments, projected company contributions, the expected returns and risk of the asset classes and the correlation of those returns. The target asset allocation for the Company’s domestic pension plans is to invest between 60% - 68% in liability hedging assets, 22% - 30% in equity securities, 3% - 10% in real estate and real assets and the remainder in cash, cash equivalents, Paramount stock and other investments. At December 31, 2022, the trusts were invested approximately 63% in liability hedging assets, 29% in equity securities, 6% in real estate and real assets, and the remainder in cash, cash equivalents, Paramount stock and other investments. Liability hedging assets consist of a diversified portfolio of fixed income instruments that are substantially investment grade, with a duration that approximates the duration of the liabilities covered by the trust. All equity portfolios are diversified between U.S. and non-U.S. equities and include large and small capitalization equities. The asset allocations are reviewed regularly.

The following tables set forth our pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These assets have been categorized according to the three-level fair value hierarchy established by the FASB which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. See Note 13 for a description of the levels within this hierarchy. There are no investments categorized as Level 3.
																	
At December 31, 2022	Level 1		Level 2		Total
Cash and cash equivalents (a)
	$	— 			$	3 			$	3 	
Fixed income securities:					
U.S. treasury securities	108 			— 			108 	
Government-related securities	— 			133 			133 	
Corporate bonds (c)
	— 			1,144 			1,144 	
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities	— 			101 			101 	
Equity securities: 					
U.S. large capitalization	48 			— 			48 	
U.S. small capitalization	63 			— 			63 	
Total assets in fair value hierarchy	$	219 			$	1,381 			$	1,600 	
Common collective funds measured at net asset value (d) (e)
					660 	
Limited partnerships measured at net asset value (d)
					11 	
Mutual funds measured at net asset value (d)
					92 	
Investments, at fair value					$	2,363 	

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

																	
At December 31, 2021	Level 1		Level 2		Total
Cash and cash equivalents (a) (b)
	$	83 			$	5 			$	88 	
Fixed income securities:					
U.S. treasury securities	164 			— 			164 	
Government-related securities	— 			175 			175 	
Corporate bonds (c)
	— 			1,448 			1,448 	
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities	— 			76 			76 	
Equity securities: 					
U.S. large capitalization	72 			— 			72 	
U.S. small capitalization	81 			— 			81 	
Other	— 			14 			14 	
Total assets in fair value hierarchy	$	400 			$	1,718 			$	2,118 	
Common collective funds measured at net asset value (d) (e)
					1,013 	
Limited partnerships measured at net asset value (d)
					18 	
Mutual funds measured at net asset value (d)
					42 	
Investments, at fair value					$	3,191 	
(a)  Assets categorized as Level 2 reflect investments in money market funds.
(b) On January 3, 2022, the trust that held the assets of the Viacom pension plan was merged into the trust that holds the assets of the remainder of the Company’s' domestic plans. As part of this merger, certain of the transferred assets were liquidated, which resulted in a higher level of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2021.
(c)  Securities of diverse sectors and industries, substantially all investment grade.
(d)  In accordance with FASB guidance, investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
(e)  Underlying investments consist mainly of U.S. large capitalization and international equity securities.
Money market investments are carried at amortized cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of these investments. Investments in equity securities are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices on national security exchanges. The fair value of investments in common collective funds and mutual funds is determined using the net asset value (“NAV”) provided by the administrator of the fund as a practical expedient. The NAV is determined by each fund’s trustee based upon the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, less liabilities, divided by the number of outstanding units. The fair value of U.S. treasury securities is determined based on quoted market prices in active markets. The fair value of government related securities and corporate bonds is determined based on quoted market prices on national security exchanges, when available, or using valuation models which incorporate certain other observable inputs including recent trading activity for comparable securities and broker quoted prices. The fair value of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities is based upon valuation models which incorporate available dealer quotes, projected cash flows and market information. The fair value of limited partnerships has been estimated using the NAV of the ownership interest. The NAV is determined using quarterly financial statements issued by the partnership which determine the value based on the fair value of the underlying investments.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments are as follows: 
																																			
	2023		2024		2025		2026		2027		2028-2032
Pension	$	313 			$	311 			$	311 			$	309 			$	305 			$	1,421 	
Postretirement	$	35 			$	32 			$	29 			$	27 			$	24 			$	87 	
Retiree Medicare drug subsidy	$	3 			$	3 			$	3 			$	3 			$	3 			$	14 	
In 2023, we expect to make $8 million in contributions to our qualified pension plans for minimum funding requirements under ERISA and $75 million to our non-qualified pension plans to satisfy benefit payments due under these plans. Also in 2023, we expect to contribute approximately $35 million to our other postretirement benefit plans to satisfy our portion of benefit payments due under these plans.

Multiemployer Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans
We contribute to a number of multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees including talent, writers, directors, producers and other employees, primarily in the entertainment industry. The other employers participating in these multiemployer plans are primarily in the entertainment and other related industries. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans as assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers and if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. In addition, if we choose to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans we may be required to pay those plans a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan.
The financial health of a multiemployer plan is indicated by the zone status, as defined by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. Plans in the red zone are in critical status; those in the yellow zone are in endangered status; and those in the green zone are neither critical nor endangered.

The table below presents information concerning our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans.
																																									
		Employer Identification Number/Pension Plan Number		Pension
Protection Act		Company Contributions		Expiration Date of Collective Bargaining Agreement
			
Zone Status (a)
		
Pension Plan			2022	2021		2022		2021		2020	
AFTRA Retirement Plan (b)
		13-6414972-001		Green	Green		$	16 			$	17 			$	13 			6/30/2024
Directors Guild of America - Producer (b)
		95-2892780-001		Green	Green		19 			23 			16 			6/30/2023
Producer-Writers Guild of America		95-2216351-001		Green	Green		30 			26 			22 			5/1/2023
Screen Actors Guild - Producers		95-2110997-001		Green	Green		30 			45 			24 			6/30/2023
Motion Picture Industry		95-1810805-001		Green	Green		63 			66 			35 			(c)
I.A.T.S.E. Local No. 33 Pension Trust Fund 		95-6377503-001		Green	Green		5 			10 			3 			3/31/2023
Other Plans							14 			16 			7 			
		Total contributions		$	177 			$	203 			$	120 			
(a) The zone status for each individual plan listed was certified by each plan’s actuary as of the beginning of the plan years for 2022 and 2021. The plan year is the twelve months ending December 31 for each plan listed above except AFTRA Retirement Plan which has a plan year ending November 30.
(b) The Company was listed in these plan’s most recent Form 5500 as providing more than 5% of total contributions for the plan.
(c) The expiration dates range from January 15, 2022 through December 1, 2024.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

As a result of the above noted zone status there were no funding improvements or rehabilitation plans implemented, as defined by ERISA, nor any surcharges imposed for any of the individual plans listed.

We also contribute to multiemployer plans that provide postretirement healthcare and other benefits to certain employees under collective bargaining agreements. The contributions to these plans were $192 million, $184 million and $95 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recognize the net periodic cost for multiemployer pension and postretirement benefit plans based on the required contributions to the plans.
Defined Contribution Plans
We sponsor defined contribution plans for the benefit of substantially all employees meeting eligibility requirements. Employer contributions to such plans were $137 million, $106 million and $91 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
19) SEGMENT INFORMATION
The tables below set forth our financial information by reportable segment. Our operating segments, which are the same as our reportable segments, have been determined in accordance with our internal management structure, which is organized based upon products and services.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of our increased strategic focus on our direct-to-consumer streaming businesses, we made certain changes to how we manage our businesses and allocate resources that resulted in the changes described below. Prior period results have been recast to conform to these presentation changes.
Management Structure Change
Our management structure was reorganized to focus on managing our business as the combination of three parts: a traditional media business, a portfolio of domestic and international streaming services, and a film studio. As a result, we realigned our operating segments and accordingly, beginning in 2022, and for all periods presented we are reporting results based on the segments in the tables below (see Note 1 for a description of each operating segment).
Intercompany License Fees
Concurrent with the change to our operating segments, we changed the way we record intersegment content licensing. Under our previous segment structure, management evaluated the results of our segments including intersegment content licensing at market value as if the sales were to third parties. Therefore, the licensor segment recorded intercompany license fee revenues and profits and the licensee segment recorded production costs in the amount of the license fee charged by the licensor, which generally reflected the cost to the Company plus a margin. The intercompany revenues and the margin embedded in the cost to the licensee were eliminated in consolidation.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Under our new segment structure, management evaluates the results of the segments using an allocation of the total cost of content from the licensor segment to each licensee segment utilizing the content. As a result, content costs are allocated across segments based on the relative value of the distribution windows within each segment. The allocation is recorded by the licensor segment as a reduction of content cost and no intersegment licensing revenues or profits are recorded.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Revenues:					
Advertising	$	9,350 			$	10,105 			$	9,062 	
Affiliate and subscription	8,180 			8,413 			8,037 	
Licensing and other	4,202 			4,216 			4,021 	
TV Media	21,732 			22,734 			21,120 	
Advertising	1,533 			1,298 			686 	
Subscription	3,371 			2,029 			1,129 	
Direct-to-Consumer	4,904 			3,327 			1,815 	
Advertising	23 			18 			18 	
Theatrical	1,223 			241 			180 	
Licensing and other	2,460 			2,428 			2,272 	
Filmed Entertainment	3,706 			2,687 			2,470 	
Eliminations	(188)			(162)			(120)	
Total Revenues	$	30,154 			$	28,586 			$	25,285 	

Revenues generated between segments are principally from intersegment arrangements for the distribution of content, rental of studio space, and advertising, as well as licensing revenues earned from third parties who license our content to our internal platforms either through a sub-license or co-production arrangement. These transactions are recorded at market value as if the sales were to third parties and are eliminated in consolidation.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Intercompany Revenues:					
TV Media	$	66 			$	87 			$	88 	
Direct-to-Consumer	— 			2 			2 	
Filmed Entertainment	122 			73 			30 	
Total Intercompany Revenues	$	188 			$	162 			$	120 	

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

We present operating income excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, costs for restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges and net gain on dispositions, each where applicable (“Adjusted OIBDA”), as the primary measure of profit and loss for our operating segments in accordance with FASB guidance for segment reporting since it is the primary method used by our management. Stock-based compensation is excluded from our segment measure of profit and loss because it is set and approved by our Board of Directors in consultation with corporate executive management.
																	
Year Ended December 31, 	2022		2021		2020
Adjusted OIBDA:					
TV Media	$	5,451 			$	5,892 			$	5,816 	
Direct-to-Consumer	(1,819)			(992)			(171)	
Filmed Entertainment	272 			207 			158 	
Corporate/Eliminations	(470)			(491)			(485)	
Stock-based compensation	(158)			(172)			(186)	
Depreciation and amortization	(405)			(390)			(430)	
Restructuring and other corporate matters	(585)			(100)			(618)	
Programming charges	— 			— 			(159)	
Net gain on dispositions	56 			2,343 			214 	
Operating income	2,342 			6,297 			4,139 	
Interest expense	(931)			(986)			(1,031)	
Interest income	108 			53 			60 	
Net gains (losses) from investments	(9)			47 			206 	
Loss on extinguishment of debt	(120)			(128)			(126)	
Other items, net	(124)			(77)			(101)	
Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and
equity in loss of investee companies
	1,266 			5,206 			3,147 	
Provision for income taxes	(227)			(646)			(535)	
Equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax	(204)			(91)			(28)	
Net earnings from continuing operations	835 			4,469 			2,584 	
Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax	379 			162 			117 	
Net earnings (Paramount and noncontrolling interests)	1,214 			4,631 			2,701 	
Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests	(110)			(88)			(279)	
Net earnings attributable to Paramount	$	1,104 			$	4,543 			$	2,422 	
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Revenues: (a)
					
United States	$	24,412 			$	23,320 			$	20,690 	
International	5,742 			5,266 			4,595 	
Total Revenues	$	30,154 			$	28,586 			$	25,285 	
(a) Revenue classifications are based on customers’ locations.
											
At December 31,	2022		2021
Long-lived Assets: (a)
			
United States	$	18,231 			$	16,075 	
International	1,458 			897 	
Total Long-lived Assets	$	19,689 			$	16,972 	
(a) Reflects total assets less current assets, investments, goodwill, intangible assets, noncurrent receivables and noncurrent deferred tax assets.
We do not disclose our assets by segment because they are not used to evaluate our operating performance or in determining the allocation of resources.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

20) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Commitments
Our commitments not recorded on the balance sheet primarily consist of programming and talent commitments and purchase obligations for goods and services resulting from our normal course of business.
 
Our programming and talent commitments, estimated to aggregate to $33.73 billion as of December 31, 2022, include $29.50 billion for sports programming rights and $4.23 billion relating to the production and licensing of television and film programming, including talent contracts. We also have committed purchase obligations which include agreements to purchase goods or services in the future that totaled $1.73 billion as of December 31, 2022.

Other long-term contractual obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet include program liabilities, participations, residuals, and a tax liability resulting from federal tax legislation enacted in December 2017. This tax liability reflects the remaining tax on the Company’s historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which is payable to the IRS in 2024 and 2025.
 
At December 31, 2022, commitments for programming and talent and purchase obligations not recorded on the balance sheet, and other long-term contractual obligations recorded on the balance sheet were payable as follows:
																																									
	Payments Due by Period
													2028 and
	Total		2023		2024		2025		2026		2027		Thereafter
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements													
Programming and talent commitments 	$	33,729 			$	4,233 			$	3,990 			$	3,004 			$	2,890 			$	2,632 			$	16,980 	
Purchase obligations 	$	1,729 			$	693 			$	561 			$	258 			$	145 			$	21 			$	51 	
													
On-Balance Sheet Arrangements													
Other long-term contractual obligations 	$	2,287 			$	— 			$	1,288 			$	683 			$	255 			$	53 			$	8 	
We also have long-term lease commitments for office space, equipment, transponders and studio facilities, which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. See Note 11 for details of our operating lease commitments.

Guarantees
Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds of $178 million that were not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Letters of credit and surety bonds are primarily used as security against non-performance in the normal course of business.
CBS Television City. In connection with the sale of CBS Television City property and sound stage operation (“CBS Television City”) in 2019, we guaranteed a specified level of cash flows to be generated by the business during the first five years following the completion of the sale. Included in “Other current liabilities” and “Other liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 is a liability totaling $51 million, reflecting the present value of the remaining estimated amount payable under the guarantee obligation.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Lease Guarantees. We have certain indemnification obligations with respect to leases primarily associated with the previously discontinued operations of Famous Players. These lease commitments totaled $20 million at December 31, 2022, and are presented within “Other liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The amount of lease commitments varies over time depending on the expiration or termination of individual underlying leases, or the related indemnification obligation, and foreign exchange rates, among other things. We may also have exposure for certain other expenses related to the leases, such as property taxes and common area maintenance. We believe our accrual is sufficient to meet any future obligations based on our consideration of available financial information, the lessees’ historical performance in meeting their lease obligations and the underlying economic factors impacting the lessees’ business models.

In the course of our business, we both provide and receive indemnities which are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. Similarly, we may remain contingently liable for various obligations of a business that has been divested in the event that a third party does not live up to its obligations under an indemnification obligation. We record a liability for our indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and reasonably estimable.

Legal Matters
General
On an ongoing basis, we vigorously defend ourselves in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and respond to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, “Litigation’’). Litigation may be brought against us without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. However, based on our understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, we believe that the following matters are not likely, in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Stockholder Matters
Litigation Relating to the Merger
Beginning in February 2020, three purported CBS stockholders filed separate derivative and/or putative class action lawsuits in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. In March 2020, the Court consolidated the three lawsuits and appointed Bucks County Employees’ Retirement Fund and International Union of Operating Engineers of Eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware as co-lead plaintiffs for the consolidated action. In April 2020, the lead plaintiffs filed a Verified Consolidated Class Action and Derivative Complaint (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”) against Shari E. Redstone, NAI, Sumner M. Redstone National Amusements Trust, members of the CBS Board of Directors (comprised of Candace K. Beinecke, Barbara M. Byrne, Gary L. Countryman, Brian Goldner, Linda M. Griego, Robert N. Klieger, Martha L. Minow, Susan Schuman, Frederick O. Terrell and Strauss Zelnick), former CBS President and Acting Chief Executive Officer Joseph Ianniello and the Company as nominal defendant. The Complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to CBS stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 13, 2019, between CBS and Viacom (as amended, the “Merger Agreement”). The Complaint also alleges waste and unjust enrichment in connection with Mr. Ianniello’s compensation. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. In June 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. In January 2021, the Court dismissed one disclosure claim, while allowing all other claims against the defendants to proceed. In December 2022, the Court dismissed the fiduciary duty claim against Mr. Klieger. Discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. A six-day trial is scheduled to begin in June 2023. We believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Beginning in November 2019, four purported Viacom stockholders filed separate putative class action lawsuits in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. In January 2020, the Court consolidated the four lawsuits. In February 2020, the Court appointed California Public Employees’ Retirement System (“CalPERS”) as lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. Subsequently, in February 2020, CalPERS, together with Park Employees’ and Retirement Board Employees’ Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago and Louis M. Wilen, filed a First Amended Verified Class Action Complaint (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”) against NAI, NAI Entertainment Holdings LLC, Shari E. Redstone, the members of the special transaction committee of the Viacom Board of Directors (comprised of Thomas J. May, Judith A. McHale, Ronald L. Nelson and Nicole Seligman) and our President and Chief Executive Officer and director, Robert M. Bakish. The Complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to Viacom stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the Merger Agreement. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. In May 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. In December 2020, the Court dismissed the claims against Mr. Bakish, while allowing the claims against the remaining defendants to proceed. Discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. A six-day trial is scheduled to begin in July 2023. We believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.

Investigation-Related Matters
As announced in August 2018, the CBS Board of Directors retained two law firms to conduct a full investigation of the allegations in press reports about CBS’ former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Leslie Moonves, CBS News and cultural issues at CBS. In December 2018, the CBS Board of Directors announced the completion of its investigation, certain findings of the investigation and the CBS Board of Directors’ determination with respect to the termination of Mr. Moonves’ employment.

In August 2018 and in October 2018, Gene Samit and John Lantz, respectively, filed putative class action lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, for claims that are similar to those alleged in the amended complaint described below. In November 2018, the Court entered an order consolidating the two actions. Subsequently, in November 2018, the Court appointed Construction Laborers Pension Trust for Southern California as the lead plaintiff of the consolidated action. In February 2019, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint against CBS, certain current and former senior executives and members of the CBS Board of Directors. The consolidated action is stated to be on behalf of purchasers of CBS Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock between September 26, 2016 and December 4, 2018. This action seeks to recover damages arising during this time period allegedly caused by the defendants’ purported violations of the federal securities laws, including by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements or failing to disclose material information, and seeks costs and expenses as well as remedies under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. In April 2019, the defendants filed motions to dismiss this action, which the Court granted in part and denied in part in January 2020. With the exception of one statement made by Mr. Moonves at an industry event in November 2017, in which he allegedly was acting as the agent of CBS, all claims as to all other allegedly false and misleading statements were dismissed. We reached an agreement with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit for $14.75 million, which was paid by our insurers. The settlement, which includes no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company, was granted final approval by the Court in November 2022.

We also received subpoenas or requests for information from the New York County District Attorney’s Office, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the New York State Attorney General’s Office and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding the subject matter of the CBS Board of Directors’ investigation and related matters, including with respect to CBS’ related public disclosures. In November 2022, we entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance with the Investor Protection Bureau of the New

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

York State Attorney General’s Office to resolve that matter. After credits for the settlement amount to be paid in the consolidated federal securities class action discussed above, and certain financial commitments to human resources-related programs made by CBS in connection with an earlier resolution with the Civil Rights Bureau of the New York State Attorney General’s Office, the Company has made a payment of $7.25 million, which by agreement with the Investor Protection Bureau will be distributed in connection with the federal securities class action settlement discussed above. The resolution with the Investor Protection Bureau includes no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company. In December 2022, we received a termination letter from the SEC, indicating that it does not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Company. We may continue to receive additional related regulatory and investigative inquiries from these and other entities in the future.

Litigation Related to Stock Offerings
In August 2021, Camelot Event Driven Fund filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and in November 2021, an amended complaint was filed that, among other changes, added an additional named plaintiff (as used in this paragraph, the “Complaint”). The Complaint is purportedly on behalf of investors who purchased shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to public securities offerings completed in March 2021, and was filed against the Company, certain senior executives, members of our Board of Directors, and the underwriters involved in the offerings. The Complaint asserts violations of federal securities law and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including through an alleged failure to adequately disclose certain total return swap transactions involving Archegos Capital Management referenced to our securities and related alleged risks to the Company’s stock price. In December 2021, the plaintiffs filed a stipulation seeking the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of the outside director defendants from the lawsuit, which the Court subsequently ordered. On the same date, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the lawsuit, which were heard in January 2023. On February 7, 2023, the Court dismissed all claims against the Company while allowing the claims against the underwriters to proceed.

Litigation Related to Television Station Owners
In September 2019, the Company was added as a defendant in a multi-district putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The lawsuit was filed by parties that claim to have purchased broadcast television spot advertising beginning about January 2014 on television stations owned by one or more of the defendant television station owners and alleges the sharing of allegedly competitively sensitive information among such television stations in alleged violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. The action, which names the Company among fourteen total defendants, seeks monetary damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and interest as well as injunctions against the allegedly unlawful conduct. In October 2019, the Company and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the matter, which was denied by the Court in November 2020. We have reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit. The settlement, which will include no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company, will be subject to Court approval.

Litigation Related to the Proposed Sale of Simon & Schuster
In November 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to block our sale of the Simon & Schuster business to Penguin Random House pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), dated November 24, 2020, between the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, Penguin Random House and Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. In October 2022, following a bench trial, the Court blocked the sale. In November 2022, we terminated the Purchase Agreement and subsequently received a $200 million termination fee.


PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Claims Related to Former Businesses
Asbestos
We are a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by Westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. Westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. We are typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. In the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of our products is the basis of a claim. Claims against us in which a product has been identified most commonly relate to allegations of exposure to asbestos-containing insulating material used in conjunction with turbines and electrical equipment.

Claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. We do not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets that some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. As of December 31, 2022, we had pending approximately 21,580 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 27,770 as of December 31, 2021 and 30,710 as of December 31, 2020. During 2022, we received approximately 2,840 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 9,030 claims. We report claims as closed when we become aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when we have reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. Settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. Our total costs for the years 2022 and 2021 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $57 million and $63 million, respectively. Our costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.

Filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. The predominant number of pending claims against us are non-cancer claims. It is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our asbestos liabilities, including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims. We record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability. While we believe that our accrual for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods, and as a result our actual liabilities may be higher or lower than our accrual.

Other
From time to time, we receive claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that we are or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to our historical and predecessor operations. In addition, from time to time we receive personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from our historical operations and predecessors.

PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

21) SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following table presents the components of Other items, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Pension and postretirement benefit costs	$	(65)			$	(43)			$	(69)	
Foreign exchange losses	(58)			(26)			(35)	
Pension settlement charge (a)
	— 			(10)			— 	
Other	(1)			2 			3 	
Other items, net	$	(124)			$	(77)			$	(101)	
(a) Reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
On October 31, 2022 we acquired the remaining 40% interest in Nickelodeon UK Limited (“Nick UK”), bringing our ownership to 100%. Prior to this transaction, we were subject to a redeemable put option with respect to Nick UK, which was classified as “Redeemable noncontrolling interest” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The activity reflected within redeemable noncontrolling interest for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below.
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Beginning balance	$	107 			$	197 			$	254 	
Net earnings	4 			14 			11 	
Distributions	(6)			(5)			(15)	
Translation adjustment	(20)			(5)			7 	
Redemption value adjustment	17 			(94)			(60)	
Purchase of noncontrolling interest	(102)			— 			— 	
Ending balance	$	— 			$	107 			$	197 	
Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
																	
Year Ended December 31,	2022		2021		2020
Cash paid for interest	$	920 			$	970 			$	965 	
					
Cash paid for income taxes:					
Continuing operations	$	61 			$	291 			$	411 	
Discontinued operations	12 			43 			55 	
Total cash paid for income taxes	$	73 			$	334 			$	466 	

                                    
					
Item 9.
	
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
					
Item 9A.
	
Controls and Procedures.
Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”)) were effective, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm thereon are set forth in Item 8, on pages II-47 and II-48, of this report.
					
Item 9B.
	
Other Information.
None.
					
Item 9C.	Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not applicable.
                                    
PART III

					
Item 10.
	
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information required by this item with respect to the Company’s directors will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”) under the headings “Our Board of Directors” and “Item 1 — Election of Directors,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

The information required by this item with respect to the Company’s executive officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption “Our Executive Officers.”

					
Item 11.
	
Executive Compensation.

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Our Board of Directors,” “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Report,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

					
Item 12.
	
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

					
Item 13.
	
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Related Person Transactions” and “Our Board of Directors,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

					
Item 14.
	
Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the heading “Fees for Services Provided by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

                                    
PART IV

					
Item 15.
	
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

1. Financial Statements.

The financial statements of Paramount filed as part of this report on Form 10-K are listed on the Index on page II-46.

2. Financial Statement Schedules.

The financial statement schedule required to be filed by Item 8 of this Form 10-K is listed on the Index on page II-46.

3. Exhibits.

The exhibits listed in Item 15(b) of this Part IV are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. The Index to Exhibits begins on page E-1.

					
Item 16.
	
Form 10-K Summary.

None.


                                    
PARAMOUNT GLOBAL AND SUBSIDIARIES
 SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
(Tabular dollars in millions)
																																																		
Col. A		Col. B		Col. C		Col. D		Col. E
Description		Balance at Beginning of Period		Charged to Expenses and Other Accounts		Deductions		Balance at End of Period
Allowance for doubtful accounts:																
Year ended December 31, 2022			$	80 					$	40 					$	9 					$	111 		
Year ended December 31, 2021			$	85 					$	8 					$	13 					$	80 		
Year ended December 31, 2020			$	80 					$	32 					$	27 					$	85 		
																
Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets:																
Year ended December 31, 2022			$	581 					$	15 					$	108 					$	488 		
Year ended December 31, 2021			$	593 					$	63 					$	75 					$	581 		
Year ended December 31, 2020			$	547 					$	67 					$	21 					$	593 		
																
Reserves for inventory obsolescence:																
Year ended December 31, 2022			$	47 					$	— 					$	3 					$	44 		
Year ended December 31, 2021			$	58 					$	— 					$	11 					$	47 		
Year ended December 31, 2020			$	57 					$	3 					$	2 					$	58 		



F-1
                                    
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
ITEM 15(b)

Effective December 31, 2005, Viacom Inc. was separated into two publicly-traded companies, the Company and a new Viacom Inc., and the Company was renamed CBS Corporation. Effective December 4, 2019, new Viacom Inc. merged with and into CBS Corporation with CBS Corporation continuing as the surviving company, and the combined company changed its name to ViacomCBS Inc. Effective February 16, 2022, ViacomCBS Inc. was renamed Paramount Global.
											
Exhibit No.	Description of Document
(3)		Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
	(a)	
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Paramount Global, effective as of February 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8‑K of Paramount Global filed February 16, 2022) (File No. 001‑09553).
	(b)	
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paramount Global, effective as of December 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Paramount Global filed December 21, 2022) (File No. 001-09553).
	(c)	
Certificate of Designations of the 5.75% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of ViacomCBS Inc. filed March 26, 2021) (File No. 001-09553).
(4)		Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures
	(a)	
Specimen Certificate of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (included in Exhibit 3(c) above).
	(b)	
Description of the Registrant’s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553).
	(c)	
Amended and Restated Senior Indenture dated as of November 3, 2008 (“2008 Indenture”) among CBS Corporation, CBS Operations Inc., and The Bank of New York Mellon, as senior trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑3 of CBS Corporation filed November 3, 2008) (Registration No. 333‑154962) (File No. 001‑09553).
	(d)	
First Supplemental Indenture to 2008 Indenture dated as of April 5, 2010 among CBS Corporation, CBS Operations Inc., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as senior trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8‑K of CBS Corporation filed April 5, 2010) (File No. 001‑09553).
	(e)	
Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2006, between Viacom Inc. and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Viacom Inc. filed April 17, 2006) (File No. 001-32686).
	(f)	
Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2019, by and among CBS Corporation, Viacom Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (in such capacity, the “Trustee”), to the Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2006, between Viacom Inc. and the Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of ViacomCBS Inc. filed December 4, 2019) (File No. 001-09553).
	(g)	
Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2020, between ViacomCBS Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of ViacomCBS Inc. filed March 27, 2020) (File No. 001‑09553).
		The other instruments defining the rights of holders of the long‑term debt securities of Paramount Global and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S‑K. Paramount Global hereby agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
(10)		Material Contracts
	(a)	
CBS Corporation 2009 Long‑Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated December 11, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(b)	Forms of Certificate and Terms and Conditions for equity awards under CBS Corporation 2009 Long‑Term Incentive Plan:
		(i)	
Stock Options (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(ii) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) (File No. 001‑09553).*
		(ii)	
Performance‑Based Restricted Share Units with Time Vesting and Performance Vesting (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(v) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) (File No. 001‑09553).*
____________________________________
*Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b).

E-1
                                    
											
Exhibit No.	Description of Document
		(iii)	
Restricted Share Units with Time Vesting (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(vii) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) (File No. 001‑09553).*
		(iv)	
Performance Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b)(iv) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) (File No. 001-09553).*
		(v)	
Restricted Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b)(v) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(c)	
Paramount Global Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated February 13, 2023 (filed herewith).*
	(d)	
Paramount Global Excess 401(k) Plan for Designated Senior Executives - Part A (as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553) (as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of February 16, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑8 of Paramount Global filed October 7, 2022) (Registration No. 333‑154962).*
	(e)	
Paramount Global Excess 401(k) Plan for Designated Senior Executives - Part B (as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553) (as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of February 16, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑8 of Paramount Global filed October 7, 2022) (File No. 001‑09553) (as further amended by Amendment No. 2, effective as of January 1, 2021) (filed herewith).*
	(f)	
Paramount Global Bonus Deferral Plan for Designated Senior Executives - Part A (as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553) (as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of February 16, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑8 of Paramount Global filed October 7, 2022) (File No. 001‑09553).*
	(g)	
Paramount Global Bonus Deferral Plan for Designated Senior Executives - Part B (as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553) (as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of February 16, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑8 of Paramount Global filed October 7, 2022) (File No. 001‑09553).*
	(h)	
Viacom Inc. 2016 Long-Term Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Definitive Proxy Statement of Viacom Inc. filed January 23, 2015) (File No. 001-32686).*
	(i)	Forms of Terms and Conditions to the Certificates for equity awards under the Viacom Inc. 2016 Long-Term Management Incentive Plan:
		(i)	
Stock Options (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Viacom Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2016) (File No. 001-32686).*
		(ii)	
Restricted Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Viacom Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2016) (File No. 001-32686).*
		(iii)	
Performance Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Viacom Inc. for the quarter ended December 31, 2018) (File No. 001-32686).*
		(iv)	
Performance Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g)(iv) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) (File No. 001-09553).*
		(v)	
Restricted Share Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g)(v) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(j)	
Viacom Excess Pension Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2023 (filed herewith).*
	(k)	
Viacom Excess 401(k) Plan for Designated Senior Executives, as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553).*
	(l)	
Viacom Bonus Deferral Plan for Designated Senior Executives, as amended and restated as of October 1, 2021
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553).*
	(m)	
Summary of Paramount Global Compensation for Outside Directors (as of December 16, 2022) (filed herewith).*
	(n)	
Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Current Report on Form 8‑K of CBS Corporation filed September 18, 2009) (File No. 001‑09553).*
____________________________________
*Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b).

E-2
                                    
											
Exhibit No.	Description of Document
	(o)	
CBS Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (as amended and restated as of January 29, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(k) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(p)	
CBS Corporation 2005 RSU Plan for Outside Directors (as amended and restated through January 29, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(q)	
CBS Corporation 2015 Equity Plan for Outside Directors (effective May 21, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CBS Corporation for the quarter ended June 30, 2015) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(r)	
Viacom Inc. 2011 RSU Plan for Outside Directors, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Definitive Proxy Statement of Viacom Inc. filed January 23, 2015) (File No. 001-32686), as further amended and restated as of May 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report of Viacom Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2016) (File No. 001-32686).*
	(s)	
Employment Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, between Viacom Inc. and Robert M. Bakish (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to CBS Corporation’s Registration Statement No. 333-234238 on Form S-4 filed October 17, 2019) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(t)	
Letter Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, between Viacom Inc. and Robert M. Bakish (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to CBS Corporation’s Registration Statement No. 333-234238 on Form S-4 filed October 17, 2019) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(u)	
Employment Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between Viacom Inc. and Naveen Chopra (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2020) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(v)	
Letter Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between ViacomCBS Inc. and Naveen Chopra (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ViacomCBS Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2020) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(w)	
Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2022, between Paramount Global and Christa A. D’Alimonte (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Paramount Global for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(x)	
Employment Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, between Paramount Global and DeDe Lea (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Paramount Global for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) (File No. 333-234238).*
	(y)	
Employment Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, between Paramount Global and Nancy Phillips (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Paramount Global for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-09553).*
	(z)	
Matching Gifts Program for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBS Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) (File No. 001-09553).*
	(aa)	
Amended and Restated $3.5 Billion Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020 (the “Credit Agreement”), among ViacomCBS Inc.; the Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto; the Lenders named therein; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agents; and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley MUFG Loan Partners, LLC, as Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of ViacomCBS Inc. filed January 23, 2020) (File No. 001-09553).
	(bb)	
Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021, by and among the parties listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of ViacomCBS Inc. filed December 14, 2021) (File No. 001-09553).
	(cc)	
Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among the parties listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hh) to the Annual Report on Form 10‑K of ViacomCBS Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) (File No. 001‑09553).
	(dd)	
Settlement and Release Agreement effective as of September 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K of CBS Corporation filed September 10, 2018) (File No. 001-09553).
	(ee)	
Amendment No. 1 to the Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, by and among the parties listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of CBS Corporation filed August 19, 2019) (File No. 001-09553).
	(ff)	
Support Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, by and among the parties listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of CBS Corporation filed August 19, 2019) (File No. 001-09553).
____________________________________
*Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b).

E-3
                                    
											
Exhibit No.	Description of Document
	(gg)	
Governance Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, by and among the parties listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of CBS Corporation filed August 19, 2019) (File No. 001-09553).
(21)		
Subsidiaries of Paramount Global (filed herewith).
(23)		Consents of Experts and Counsel
	(a)	
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith).
(24)		
Powers of Attorney (filed herewith).
(31)		Rule 13a‑14(a)/15d‑14(a) Certifications
	(a)	
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Paramount Global pursuant to Rule 13a‑14(a) or 15d‑14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).
	(b)	
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Paramount Global. pursuant to Rule 13a‑14(a) or 15d‑14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).
(32)		Section 1350 Certifications
	(a)	
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Paramount Global furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).
	(b)	
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Paramount Global furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).
(101)		Interactive Data File
		101. INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.
101. SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.
101. CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.
101. DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.
101. LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.
101. PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.
(104)		Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).



____________________________________
*Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b).

E-4
                                    
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Paramount Global has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.
											
		PARAMOUNT GLOBAL
			
		By:	/s/ Robert M. Bakish
			
Robert M. Bakish
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Date: February 16, 2023
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of Paramount Global and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
																	
Signature		Title		Date
					
/s/ Robert M. Bakish		President and Chief
Executive Officer; Director
(Principal Executive Officer)		February 16, 2023
Robert M. Bakish		
					
/s/ Naveen Chopra		Executive Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)		February 16, 2023
Naveen Chopra		
					
/s/ Katherine Gill-Charest		Executive Vice President,
Controller and
Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)		February 16, 2023
Katherine Gill-Charest		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Candace K. Beinecke		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Barbara M. Byrne		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Linda M. Griego		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Robert N. Klieger		
					

                                    
																	
					
Signature		Title		Date
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Judith A. McHale		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Ronald L. Nelson		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.		
					
*		Chair		February 16, 2023
Shari Redstone		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Susan Schuman		
					
*		Director		February 16, 2023
Nicole Seligman		
					
*		Director
		February 16, 2023
Frederick O. Terrell		
					
*By:	/s/ Christa A. D’Alimonte				February 16, 2023
	
Christa A. D’Alimonte
Attorney-in-Fact
for Directors
		



What would you like to know?
show chat sessions
WARNING! 
 This will end the current session and switch to an instance where you can review all previous chatbot sessions. Do you accept this?
yes

The user inputted 4 responses.

The program outputted 2 valid responses.

The program ran for 38.2577 seconds.

Item 5.	
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Item 6.	
[Reserved]
Item 7.	
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A.	
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8.	
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Item 9.	
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item 9A.	
Controls and Procedures
Item 9B.	
Other Information
Item 9C.	
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
PART III		
Item 10.	
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11.	
Executive Compensation
Item 12.	
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Item 13.	
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14.	
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
PART IV		
Item 15.	
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
Item 16.	
Form 10-K Summary
 


PART I
Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; our ability to improve our content offerings and service; our future financial performance, including expectations regarding revenues, deferred revenue, operating income and margin, net income, expenses, and profitability; liquidity, including the sufficiency of our capital resources, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, access to financing sources, and free cash flows; capital allocation strategies, including any stock repurchases or repurchase programs; seasonality; stock price volatility; impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, including on net income, revenues and average revenues per paying member; impact of interest rate fluctuations; adequacy of existing facilities; future regulatory changes and their impact on our business; intellectual property; price changes and testing; accounting treatment for changes related to content assets; acquisitions; actions by competitors; membership growth, including impact of content and pricing changes on membership growth; partnerships; advertising; multi-household usage; member viewing patterns; dividends; future contractual obligations, including unknown content obligations and timing of payments; our global content and marketing investments, including investments in original programming; impact of work stoppages; content amortization; resolutions of tax examinations; tax expense; unrecognized tax benefits; deferred tax assets; our ability to effectively manage change and growth; our company culture; and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: "Risk Factors" section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law.
 
Item 1.Business
ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 12, Segment and Geographic Information, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear TV, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, like social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing. Historically, the fourth quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth. In addition, our membership growth can be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content we produce and distribute through our service. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 13,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 9,000 (69%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,000 (15%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 500 (4%) in Latin America and 1,500 (12%) in Asia-Pacific. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year. We believe a critical component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a "Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our associates to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence. We aim to attract and retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. We empower all of our employees so that they can have significant impact and input into decision-making; each employee has a high degree of freedom and power to make the decisions and take actions in the best interest of the company in carrying out their role. In return, our employees are responsible and accountable for those decisions and actions. With this approach, we believe we are a more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, collaborative and successful organization.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our operations. We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions. Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us. We work to build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee carries out their role. We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to help increase representation by training our recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented and/or marginalized communities. We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1 reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders. We offer programs, such as seminars and lectures, that are designed to equip our leaders (officers, VPs, people managers and director and senior manager-level employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic goals. We have built a portfolio of programs under three foundational pillars - great company, great leaders, and great human beings - which we believe support our current and future success. We also offer programs and workshops to provide skills and coaching to employees on a variety of topics, such as leading and inspiring
teams. We believe this focus helps our employees grow as leaders and well-rounded individuals, and better positions Netflix to operate our global business of providing compelling content to entertain the world.
We aim to generally pay our employees at the top of their personal market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender (globally) and race (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.netflix.net), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.

Item 1A.Risk Factors

If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.


Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across the jurisdictions where we provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in newer or less penetrated countries. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, and streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, as well as user-generated content, and more broadly other sources of entertainment that our members could choose in their moments of free time.
Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, a preference for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Membership growth is also impacted by seasonality, with the fourth quarter historically representing our greatest growth, as well as the timing of our content release schedules. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per membership) revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected.

If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly, our revenue, including revenue per paying membership, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have recently expanded our entertainment video offering to include games. If our efforts to develop and offer games are not valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we are expanding our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new products and services to help drive growth, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself. For example, we introduced a new, lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan. Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenues per paying membership, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture
meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers are increasing their streaming video offerings. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative artificial intelligence, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies, our ability to compete effectively and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series, documentaries, feature films and games. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content, including through acquisitions such as Scanline and Animal Logic. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our new ad-supported subscription plan, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content production, including games, and introduce new features, such as live programming and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to
manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks. To the extent the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming content providers. In many instances, our agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix service or otherwise offers services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, for example through multi-service discovery interfaces, our service may be adversely impacted. We intend to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream TV series and films and offer games to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted.
Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices, or may lead to us to stop supporting the delivery of our service on certain legacy devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
We are subject to payment processing risk.
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are increasingly looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular those related to broadcast media and tax. For example, European law enables individual member states to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators located outside their jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory obligations on us. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting net neutrality or requiring payment of network access fees, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their networks have been implemented in many countries, including across the European Union. In others, the laws may be nascent or non-existent. Furthermore, favorable laws may change, including for example, in the United States where net neutrality regulations were repealed. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content, patent infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We also receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities, and we may become subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
Our advertising offering is new and subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business.

We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is subject to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including:
•our ability to attract and retain advertisers;
•fluctuations in memberships, including those selecting the ad-supported subscription plan, and member engagement;
•the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members;
•our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend;
•the impact of seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in advertising spend, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions;
•the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;
•changes in the way advertising on devices, connected TVs or on personal computers is measured or priced;
•adverse legal developments relating to advertising or measurement tools;
•changes in third-party policies, which may negatively impact the ability to measure, deliver and select ads to be served;
•regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information and other privacy considerations, including regulations related to ad targeting and measurement tools;
•any liability or reputational harm from advertisements shown on our service;
•our relationship with third-party service providers for the management, operation, sale and technology to support advertisements on our service;
•our ability to develop and expand an advertising sales organization team;
•our ability to develop the technology and related infrastructure to support advertising;
•the impact of our content and reputation on advertisers’ willingness to spend with us; and
•any member dissatisfaction due to advertisements.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us, including necessary distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such rights vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they may be unwilling to provide us with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions and other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other interests in intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. Additionally, as the market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for CMOs in the remuneration of authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater distribution expenses in certain markets.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings or other legal actions. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright, and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes, our content, and marketing activities.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products, experiences, and marketing assets based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. From time to time, third parties allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. In addition, the use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims, and the availability of copyright and other intellectual property protection for AI-generated material is uncertain. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. We may also have to remove content from our service, or remove consumer products or marketing materials from the marketplace. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content, merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
Risks Related to Information Technology
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss, telecommunications failures, cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well as misconfigurations in information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions or errors. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property. We and many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which may increase our exposure to vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors, partners, or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we (and/or third parties we use) have been and may continue to be a particularly attractive target for such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital content assets. However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business. There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on our service or systems in the future. We do not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV series, documentaries and feature films and offer games in high volume to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud” computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”). To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our CDN or charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly,
including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Any harm to our members’ devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.
Risks Related to Privacy
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and disclosure of member personal information could adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition, merchandising our service to our members and our ad-supported subscription plan, we collect and utilize information supplied by our members, which may include personal information and other data. We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing information. This personal information is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. Despite these measures and technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to remain or become members. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data
breach. We also maintain personal information concerning our employees, as well as personal information of others working on our productions. Should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ or employees’ personal information and/or production personal information occur, our business could be adversely affected and our larger reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Liquidity
The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
In connection with licensing streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers. We also enter into multi-year commitments for content that we produce, either directly or through third parties, including elements associated with these productions such as non-cancelable commitments under talent agreements. The payment terms of these agreements are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership base (“fixed cost”) but may be determined by costs of production or tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical exhibition receipts. Such commitments, to the extent estimable under accounting standards, are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if business performance does not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. Further, we may be unable to react to any reduction in our cash flows from operations, including those caused by a downturn in the economy, by reducing our streaming content obligations in the near-term. Payment terms for certain content commitments, such as content we directly produce, will typically require more up-front cash payments than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not fund the production of such content. To the extent membership and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of content commitments and accelerated payment requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. If we license and/or produce content that is not favorably received by consumers in a territory, or is unable to be shown in a territory, acquisition and retention may be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offerings quickly and our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. For several years prior to 2020, our cash flows from operations were negative and to the extent that it becomes negative in the future we may need to seek additional capital. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. Rising interest rates or any disruption in the capital markets could make it more difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital or refinance our existing indebtedness. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any large equity or equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations. Moreover, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future and incur other obligations, including additional streaming content obligations. Our ability to make payments on our debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. If the financial markets become difficult or costly to access, including due to rising interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or other changes in economic conditions, our ability to raise additional capital may be negatively impacted, and any refinancing or restructuring could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. As of December 31, 2023, we had the equivalent of $14.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”), some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we have entered into a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we
have not borrowed any amount under this revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately $7.0 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such amount does not include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the amounts of which are significant. For more information on our streaming content obligations, including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may:
•make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on our Notes and our other obligations;
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•increase our cost of borrowing;
•limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments and pay our other obligations when due;
•limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and
•increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.
Risks Related to International Operations
We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations.
Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to economic, political, regulatory and other risks that may be different from or incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
•the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences;
•difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;
•political or social unrest, global hostilities, and economic instability;
•compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;
•difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions, including local ownership requirements for streaming content providers;
•regulatory requirements or government action against our service, whether in response to enforcement of actual or purported legal and regulatory requirements or otherwise, that results in disruption or non-availability of our service or particular content or increased operating costs in the applicable jurisdiction;
•foreign intellectual property laws, such as the EU copyright directive, or changes to such laws, among other issues, may impact the economics of creating or distributing content, anti-piracy efforts, or our ability to protect or exploit intellectual property rights;
•adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their interpretations, and the related application of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities or other tax liabilities given the ultimate tax determination is uncertain;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which have and may continue to impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and while we use derivative instruments to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, the use of such hedging activities may not be effective in offsetting an adverse financial impact and may introduce or heighten counterparty risk;
•rates of inflation;
•profit repatriation, currency control regulations and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;
•differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards;
•new and different sources of competition;
•censorship requirements that cause us to remove or edit popular content, leading to consumer disappointment, brand tarnishment or dissatisfaction with our service;
•low usage and/or penetration of internet-connected consumer electronic devices;
•different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws, including data localization and/or restrictions on data export, and local ownership requirements;
•availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion;
•differing laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy;
•negative impacts from trade disputes; and
•implementation of regulations designed to stimulate the local production of film and TV series in order to promote and preserve local culture and economic activity, including local content quotas, investment obligations, and levies to support local film funds. For example, the European Union revised its Audio Visual Media Services Directive in 2018 to require that European works comprise at least thirty percent (30%) of media service providers’ catalogs, and to require prominence of those works.

These and other factors may cause us to adjust our business plans, including expanding or ceasing certain operations in certain countries, and the execution of our strategies. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations.
We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred taxes and other tax liabilities and receivables, and in evaluating our tax positions and other tax attributes on a worldwide basis. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the IRS, state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Tax laws are regularly being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business. If U.S. or other tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Risks Related to Human Resources
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain and improve our company culture may adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, our Executive Chairman, Reed Hastings, members of our executive team and other key employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical, creative and other personnel. If we experience high executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to implement succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or maintaining and improving our culture as we grow, our operations may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements in the motion picture industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. Expiring collective bargaining agreements may be renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us. If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. For example, the Writers Guild (“WGA”) and Screen Actors Guild (“SAG-AFTRA”) collective bargaining
agreements expired in 2023, and WGA members and the SAG-AFTRA members went on strike in May 2023 and July 2023, respectively. Collective bargaining agreements with the I.A.T.S.E. representing technicians and “behind the camera” crews as well as contracts with Teamster unions expire in mid-2024. The WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes as well as the recent resurgence of organized labor in the United States may lead those workers to strike. Such work stoppages have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members. Such actions, as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide new content to our members could likewise be delayed or dropped.
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable, although we have announced plans to modify some of these provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
•authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
•provide for a classified board of directors until our annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025;
•prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
•establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues, operating income, net income, net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow;
•variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;
•announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others;
•competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
•market volatility in general;
•the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock;
•the impact of our current stock repurchase program and any future stock repurchase program we may adopt;
•the operating results of our competitors; and
•other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.
As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price.
Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources.
Preparing and forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, operating margins, net income and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Also, predicting consumer adoption of various pricing strategies, such as the ad-supported subscription plan or efforts to limit multi-household usage, and new revenue streams, such as advertising revenue, is inherently difficult given the lack of operating history with respect to such offerings, and actual results may differ significantly from the expectations of our management, securities analysts or investors. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We base such estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, but actual results may differ from these estimates. For example, we estimate the content amortization pattern, beginning with the month of first availability, of any particular licensed or produced television series, documentary or feature film based upon various factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization would be changed and could affect the timing or recognition of content amortization. If we revise such estimates it could result in greater in-period expenses, which could cause us to miss our earnings guidance or negatively impact the results we report which could negatively impact our stock price. Further, events outside of our control may cause actual results to differ from our forecast.

Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments
None.

Item 1C.Cybersecurity
We have an enterprise-wide information security program designed to identify, protect, detect and respond to and manage reasonably foreseeable cybersecurity risks and threats. To protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools that help prevent, identify, escalate, investigate, resolve and recover from identified vulnerabilities and security incidents in a timely manner. These include, but are not limited to, internal reporting, monitoring and detection tools, and a bug bounty program to allow security researchers to assist us in identifying vulnerabilities in our products before they are exploited by malicious threat actors. We also maintain a third party security program to identify, prioritize, assess, mitigate and remediate third party risks; however, we rely on the third parties we use to implement security programs commensurate with their risk, and we cannot ensure in all circumstances that their efforts will be successful.
We regularly assess risks from cybersecurity and technology threats and monitor our information systems for potential vulnerabilities. We use a widely-adopted risk quantification model to identify, measure and prioritize cybersecurity and technology risks and develop related security controls and safeguards. We conduct regular reviews and tests of our information security program and also leverage audits by our internal audit team, tabletop exercises, penetration and vulnerability testing, red team exercises, simulations, and other exercises to evaluate the effectiveness of our information security program and improve our security measures and planning. We also engage an external auditor to conduct an annual payment card industry data security standard review of our security controls protecting payment information, as well as third-party penetration testing of our cardholder environment and related systems. The results of these assessments are reported to the Audit Committee.
Our systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property, and we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital content assets. However, to date these incidents have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business."
The Vice President of Security and Privacy Engineering leads our global information security organization responsible for overseeing the Netflix information security program. Our VP of Security and Privacy Engineering has over 30 years of industry experience, including serving in similar roles leading and overseeing cybersecurity programs at other public companies. Team members who support our information security program have relevant educational and industry experience,
including holding similar positions at large technology companies. The teams provide regular reports to senior management and other relevant teams on various cybersecurity threats, assessments and findings.
The Board oversees our annual enterprise risk assessment, where we assess key risks within the company, including security and technology risks and cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee of the Board oversees our cybersecurity risk and receives regular reports from our VP of Security and Privacy Engineering on various cybersecurity matters, including risk assessments, mitigation strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends, and other areas of importance.
Item 2.Properties
We have leased principal properties in both Los Gatos, California, which is the location of our corporate headquarters, and in Los Angeles, California. In addition, we lease various office and production space throughout the world.
We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet current requirements, and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any further physical expansion of operations and for any additional offices.

Item 3.Legal Proceedings
Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the caption "Legal Proceedings" which information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 4.Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
PART II
 
Item 5.Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NFLX”.
Holders
As of December 31, 2023, there were approximately 2,728 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Company Purchases of Equity Securities
Stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2023 were as follows:
Period		Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)		Average Price Paid per Share (2)		Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1)		Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1)
(in thousands)
October 1 - 31, 2023
287,360 			$	404.62 			287,360 			$	10,738,584 	
November 1 - 30, 2023
2,708,477 			$	447.03 			2,708,477 			$	9,527,821 	
December 1 - 31, 2023
2,481,771 			$	472.63 			2,481,771 			$	8,354,857 	
Total
5,477,608 					5,477,608 			
 
(1) In March 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of its common stock, with no expiration date, and in September 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $10 billion, also with no expiration date. For further information regarding stock repurchase activity, see Note 9 Stockholders’ Equity to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
 
Stock Performance Graph
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Exchange Act and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings.
The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2023, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the RDG Internet Composite Index. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the stocks represented in the S&P 500 Index and the stocks represented in the RDG Internet Composite Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance.
FY23 Stock Performance Graph.jpg



Item 6.[Reserved]
Item 7.Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. Discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Results of Operations
The following represents our consolidated performance highlights:
As of/Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except revenue per membership and percentages)
Financial Results:								
Streaming revenues		$	33,640,458 			$	31,469,852 			$	29,515,496 			7 	%
DVD revenues (1)		82,839 			145,698 			182,348 			(43)	%
Total revenues		$	33,723,297 			$	31,615,550 			$	29,697,844 			7 	%
Operating income		$	6,954,003 			$	5,632,831 			$	6,194,509 			23 	%
Operating margin		21 	%		18 	%		21 	%		
Global Streaming Memberships:								
Paid net membership additions		29,529 			8,903 			18,181 			232 	%
Paid memberships at end of period		260,276 			230,747 			221,844 			13 	%
Average paying memberships		240,889 			222,924 			210,784 			8 	%
Average monthly revenue per paying membership		$	11.64 			$	11.76 			$	11.67 			(1)	%
 

(1) In April 2023, we announced our plans to discontinue our DVD-by-mail service, and we ceased providing our mailing services to customers on September 29, 2023. The discontinuance of our DVD business had an immaterial impact on our operations and financial results.
Consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 7% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased three percentage points, primarily due to revenues growing at a faster rate as compared to the growth in cost of revenues and marketing and decreased technology and development expenses, partially offset by higher growth in general and administrative expenses as compared to the growth in revenues.
Streaming Revenues
    
We primarily derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. We offer a variety of streaming membership plans, the price of which varies by country and the features of the plan. As of December 31, 2023, pricing on our paid plans ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $1 to $28 per month, and pricing on our extra member sub accounts ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $2 to $8 per month. We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change and we may test other plan and price variations.
We also earn revenue from advertisements presented on our streaming service, consumer products and various other sources. Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not material for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021.

Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		
(in thousands, except percentages)
Streaming revenues
$	33,640,458 			$	31,469,852 			$	29,515,496 			$	2,170,606 			7 	%
 
Streaming revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 7% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the 8% growth in average paying memberships, partially offset by a 1% decrease in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The decrease in average monthly revenue per paying membership was primarily due to changes in plan mix, higher membership growth in regions with lower average monthly revenue per paying membership, partially offset by limited price increases. Additionally, streaming revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were further impacted by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
The following tables summarize streaming revenue and other streaming membership information by region for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.

United States and Canada (UCAN)
As of/Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except revenue per membership and percentages)
Revenues		$	14,873,783 			$	14,084,643 			$	12,972,100 			$	789,140 			6 	%
Paid net membership additions (losses)		5,832 			(919)			1,279 			6,751 			735 	%
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		80,128 			74,296 			75,215 			5,832 			8 	%
Average paying memberships		76,126 			74,001 			74,234 			2,125 			3 	%
Average monthly revenue per paying membership		$	16.28 			$	15.86 			$	14.56 			$	0.42 			3 	%
Constant currency change (2)										3 	%
 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)
As of/Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except revenue per membership and percentages)
Revenues		$	10,556,487 			$	9,745,015 			$	9,699,819 			$	811,472 			8 	%
Paid net membership additions		12,084 			2,693 			7,338 			9,391 			349 	%
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		88,813 			76,729 			74,036 			12,084 			16 	%
Average paying memberships		80,928 			73,904 			69,518 			7,024 			10 	%
Average monthly revenue per paying membership		$	10.87 			$	10.99 			$	11.63 			$	(0.12)			(1)	%
Constant currency change (2)										(1)	%
 

Latin America (LATAM)
As of/Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except revenue per membership and percentages)
Revenues		$	4,446,461 			$	4,069,973 			$	3,576,976 			$	376,488 			9 	%
Paid net membership additions		4,298 			1,738 			2,424 			2,560 			147 	%
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		45,997 			41,699 			39,961 			4,298 			10 	%
Average paying memberships		42,802 			40,000 			38,573 			2,802 			7 	%
Average monthly revenue per paying membership		$	8.66 			$	8.48 			$	7.73 			$	0.18 			2 	%
Constant currency change (2)										10 	%
 
Asia-Pacific (APAC)
As of/Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except revenue per membership and percentages)
Revenues		$	3,763,727 			$	3,570,221 			$	3,266,601 			$	193,506 			5 	%
Paid net membership additions		7,315 			5,391 			7,140 			1,924 			36 	%
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		45,338 			38,023 			32,632 			7,315 			19 	%
Average paying memberships		41,033 			35,019 			28,461 			6,014 			17 	%
Average monthly revenue per paying membership		$	7.64 			$	8.50 			$	9.56 			$	(0.86)			(10)	%
Constant currency change (2)										(6)	%
 

(1) A paid membership (also referred to as a paid subscription) is defined as a membership that has the right to receive Netflix service following sign-up and a method of payment being provided, and that is not part of a free trial or certain other promotions that may be offered by the Company to new or rejoining members. Certain members have the option to add extra member sub accounts. These extra member sub accounts are not included in paid memberships. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations generally become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period. Involuntary cancellations, as a result of a failed method of payment, become effective immediately. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign-up as determined by the Company’s internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology.

(2) We believe the non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency revenue is useful in analyzing the underlying trends in average monthly revenue per paying membership absent foreign currency fluctuations. However, this non-GAAP financial measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. In order to exclude the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on average monthly revenue per paying membership, we estimate current period revenue assuming foreign exchange rates had remained constant with foreign exchange rates from each of the corresponding months of the prior-year period. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our revenues would have been approximately $597 million higher had foreign currency exchange rates remained constant with those for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Cost of Revenues
Amortization of content assets makes up the majority of cost of revenues. Expenses directly associated with the acquisition, licensing and production of content (such as payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related personnel expenses, costs associated with obtaining rights to music included in our content, overall deals with talent, miscellaneous production related costs and participations and residuals), streaming delivery costs and other operations costs make up the remainder of cost of revenues. We have built our own global content delivery network (“Open Connect”) to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to Open Connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. Other operations costs include customer service and payment processing fees, including those we pay to our integrated payment partners, as well as other costs directly incurred in making our content available to members.
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Cost of revenues		$	19,715,368 			$	19,168,285 			$	17,332,683 			$	547,083 			3 	%
As a percentage of revenues		58 	%		61 	%		58 	%				
 

The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to a $171 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content, coupled with a $376 million increase in other cost of revenues primarily due to an increase in expenses directly associated with the acquisition, licensing and production of content.
Marketing
Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and certain payments made to our marketing and advertising sales partners, including consumer electronics ("CE") manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), mobile operators and ISPs. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. Marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support sales and marketing activities.

 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Marketing		$	2,657,883 			$	2,530,502 			$	2,545,146 			$	127,381 			5 	%
As a percentage of revenues		8 	%		8 	%		9 	%				
 

The increase in marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a $146 million increase in advertising expenses and a $21 million increase in personnel-related costs, partially offset by a $39 million decrease in payments to our marketing partners.

Technology and Development
Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and infrastructure. Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with general use computer hardware and software.
 
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Technology and development		$	2,675,758 			$	2,711,041 			$	2,273,885 			$	(35,283)			(1)	%
As a percentage of revenues		8 	%		9 	%		8 	%				
 

Technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 remained relatively flat.

General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for corporate personnel. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other general corporate expenses.
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
General and administrative		$	1,720,285 			$	1,572,891 			$	1,351,621 			$	147,394 			9 	%
As a percentage of revenues		5 	%		5 	%		5 	%				
 

The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a $82 million increase in third-party expenses and a $78 million increase in personnel-related costs.

Interest Expense
Interest expense consists primarily of the interest associated with our outstanding debt obligations, including the amortization of debt issuance costs. See Note 6 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on our debt obligations.

 
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Interest expense		$	699,826 			$	706,212 			$	765,620 			$	(6,386)			(1)	%
As a percentage of revenues		2 	%		2 	%		3 	%				
 

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted primarily of $698 million of interest on our Notes. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 remained relatively flat.

Interest and Other Income (Expense)
Interest and other income (expense) consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign currency denominated balances and interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Interest and other income (expense)		$	(48,772)			$	337,310 			$	411,214 			$	(386,082)			(114)	%
As a percentage of revenues		— 	%		1 	%		1 	%				
 

Interest and other income (expense) decreased primarily due to foreign exchange losses of $293 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to a gain of $282 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The foreign exchange loss in the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the non-cash loss of $176 million from the remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in euros, coupled with the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies. The foreign exchange gain in the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the non-cash $353 million gain from the remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in euros, partially offset by the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies. The change in foreign currency gains and losses was partially offset by a $221 million increase in interest income earned due to higher average interest rates and investment balances for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022.

Provision for Income Taxes 
 		Year Ended December 31,		Change
 		2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
 		(in thousands, except percentages)
Provision for income taxes		$	797,415 			$	772,005 			$	723,875 			$	25,410 			3 	%
Effective tax rate		13 	%		15 	%		12 	%				
 
The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to a decrease in foreign taxes. See Note 10 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of December 31,
Change
2023		2022		2023 vs. 2022
(in thousands, except percentages)
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments	$	7,139,488 			$	6,081,858 			$	1,057,630 		17 	%
Short-term and long-term debt	14,543,261 			14,353,076 			190,185 		1 	%
 

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments increased $1,058 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 primarily due to cash provided by operations, partially offset by the repurchase of stock.
Debt, net of debt issuance costs, increased $190 million primarily due to the remeasurement of our euro-denominated notes. The amount of principal and interest due in the next twelve months is $1,077 million. The amount of principal and interest due beyond the next twelve months is $16,662 million. As of December 31, 2023, no amounts had been borrowed under our $1 billion Revolving Credit Agreement. See Note 6 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements.
We anticipate that our future capital needs from the debt market will be more limited compared to prior years. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose or need, including for potential strategic acquisitions and investments, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution.
In March 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of our common stock, with no expiration date, and in September 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $10 billion, also with no expiration date. Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, general economic, business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. We may discontinue any repurchases of our common stock at any time without prior notice. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 14,513,790 shares of common stock for an aggregate amount of $6,045 million. As of December 31, 2023, $8.4 billion remains available for repurchases.
Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery and personnel-related costs, as well as strategic acquisitions and investments. Cash payment terms for non-original content have historically been in line with the amortization period. Investments in original content, and in particular content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content. For example, production costs are paid as the content is created, well in advance of when the content is available on the service and amortized. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond.
Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt and lease obligations. As of December 31, 2023, the expected timing of those payments are as follows:
Contractual obligations (in thousands):		Total		Next 12 Months		Beyond 12 Months
Content obligations (1)		$	21,713,349 			$	10,328,923 			$	11,384,426 	
Debt (2)		17,739,159 			1,077,261 			16,661,898 	
Operating lease obligations (3)		3,088,899 			513,506 			2,575,393 	
Total		$	42,541,407 			$	11,919,690 			$	30,621,717 	
 
 
(1)As of December 31, 2023, content obligations were comprised of $4.5 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $2.6 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $14.6 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not then meet the criteria for recognition.
Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements and other production related commitments. An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time we enter into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of these types of agreements. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months. The foregoing range is based on considerable management judgments and the actual amounts may differ. Once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the contractual obligations table above.
(2)Debt obligations include our Notes consisting of principal and interest payments. See Note 6 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details.

(3)Operating lease obligations are comprised of operating lease liabilities included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" and "Other non-current liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, inclusive of imputed interest. Operating lease obligations also include additional obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not meet the criteria for recognition. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has additional operating leases for real estate that have not yet commenced of $343 million which has been included above. See Note 5 Balance Sheet Components in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding leases.

In addition, as of December 31, 2023, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $327 million, of which $221 million was classified in “Other non-current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made.
Free Cash Flow
We define free cash flow as cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and change in other assets. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments and for certain other activities like stock repurchases. Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, net income, operating income, net cash provided by operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP.
In assessing liquidity in relation to our results of operations, we compare free cash flow to net income, noting that the major recurring differences are the timing impact between content payments and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, non-cash remeasurement gain/loss on our euro-denominated debt, excess property and equipment purchases over depreciation, and other working capital differences. Working capital differences primarily include deferred revenue, taxes and semi-annual interest payments on our outstanding debt. Our receivables from members generally settle quickly.

 	Year Ended December 31,		Change
 	2023		2022		2021		2023 vs. 2022
(in thousands)			
Net cash provided by operating activities
$	7,274,301 			$	2,026,257 			$	392,610 			$	5,248,044 		259 	%
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
541,751 			(2,076,392)			(1,339,853)			2,618,143 		126 	%
Net cash used in financing activities
(5,950,803)			(664,254)			(1,149,776)			5,286,549 		796 	%
Non-GAAP reconciliation of free cash flow:
Net cash provided by operating activities
7,274,301 			2,026,257 			392,610 			5,248,044 		259 	%
Purchases of property and equipment	(348,552)			(407,729)			(524,585)			(59,177)		(15)	%
Change in other assets
— 			— 			(26,919)			— 		— 	%
Free cash flow
$	6,925,749 			$	1,618,528 			$	(158,894)			$	5,307,221 		328 	%
 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased $5,248 million from the year ended December 31, 2022 to $7,274 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by a decrease in payments for content assets, coupled with a $916 million or 20% increase in net income and favorable changes in working capital. The payments for content assets decreased $3,519 million, from $16,660 million to $13,140 million, or 21%.
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities increased $2,618 million from the year ended December 31, 2022 to $542 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in net cash provided by (used in) investing activities is primarily due to proceeds from the maturities of short-term investments, net of purchases, and there being no acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to acquisitions for an aggregate amount of $757 million in the year ended December 31, 2022.
Net cash used in financing activities increased $5,287 million from the year ended December 31, 2022 to $5,951 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in net cash used in financing activities is primarily due to repurchases of common stock for an aggregate amount of $6,045 million in the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to no repurchases of common stock in the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by the absence of debt maturities in the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the repayment upon maturity of the $700 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.500% Senior Notes in February 2022.
Free cash flow was $1,518 million higher than net income for the year ended December 31, 2023 primarily due to $1,057 million of amortization expense exceeding cash payments for content assets, $339 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, $176 million of non-cash remeasurement loss on our euro-denominated debt, and $47 million in other favorable working capital differences, partially offset by $101 million of property and equipment purchases exceeding depreciation expense.
Indemnifications
The information set forth under Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Content
We acquire, license and produce content, including original programming, in order to offer our members unlimited viewing of video entertainment. The content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "Content assets, net" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For licensed content, we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. For produced content, we capitalize costs associated with the production, including development costs, direct costs and production overhead. Participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, we amortize the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use or ten years, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as we typically expect more upfront viewing, and film amortization is more accelerated than TV series amortization. On average, over 90% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within four years
after its month of first availability. We review factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, we, or a third-party producing content on our behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through eligible spend on productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on our service. Upon a title’s launch, any amounts we are eligible for through qualified production spend but have not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of content assets (presented in “Content assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. To date, we have not identified any such event or changes in circumstances. If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. In addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Income Taxes
We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not they will not be realized.
Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements.
In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business. Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments and estimates.
We do not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates.
See Note 10 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The information set forth under Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements under the caption “Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks related to interest rate changes and the corresponding changes in the market values of our debt and foreign currency fluctuations.

Interest Rate Risk
At December 31, 2023, our cash equivalents and short-term investments were generally invested in money market funds and time deposits. Interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate.
As of December 31, 2023, we had $14.6 billion of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in fourteen tranches due between 2024 and 2030. Refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for details about all issuances. The fair value
of our debt will fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. The fair value of our debt will also fluctuate based on changes in foreign currency rates, as discussed below.

Foreign Currency Risk
We operate our business globally and transact in multiple currencies. Currencies denominated in other than the U.S. dollar accounted for 57% of revenue and 28% of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023. We therefore have foreign currency risk related to these currencies, with our largest exposures being the euro, the British pound, the Brazilian real, the Canadian dollar, and the Mexican peso.
Accordingly, volatility in exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect our revenue and operating income as expressed in U.S. dollars. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our revenues would have been approximately $597 million higher had foreign currency exchange rates remained constant with those in the same period of 2022. See Part II, Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information regarding our non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency.
In the year ended December 31, 2023, we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent revenues occurring in January 2024 and beyond from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI") and reclassify the amounts into “Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. If the U.S dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2023, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $958 million lower. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the underlying forecasted revenues when recognized in earnings.
In the year ended December 31, 2023, we also entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted and firmly committed U.S. dollar-equivalent transactions related to the licensing and production of content assets occurring in January 2024 and beyond from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Cost of Revenues” to offset the hedged exposures as they affect earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized. If the U.S dollar strengthened by 10% as of December 31, 2023, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $71 million lower. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the underlying exposures when recognized in earnings.
We have also experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency. In the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a $293 million foreign exchange loss primarily due to the non-cash remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in euros and the remeasurement of cash and content liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies.
In addition, the effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as disclosed on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the year ended December 31, 2023 was an increase of $83 million.

Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included immediately following Part IV hereof and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.Controls and Procedures
(a)Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Our management, including our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Netflix have been detected.
 
(b)Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein.
 
(c)Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Netflix, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Netflix, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated January 26, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California	
January 26, 2024	
 



Item 9B.Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
The adoption or termination of contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities by our Section 16 officers and directors for the three months ended December 31, 2023, each of which is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (“Rule 10b5-1 Plan”), were as follows:
Name		Title		Action		Date Adopted		Expiration Date		Aggregate # of Securities to be Purchased/Sold
Ted Sarandos (1)
Co-CEO and Director		Adoption		11/10/2023		2/7/2025		68,957
 
(1) Ted Sarandos, co-CEO and a member of the Board of Directors, entered into a pre-arranged stock trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 on November 10, 2023. Mr. Sarandos' plan provides for the potential exercise of vested stock options and the associated sale of up to 68,957 shares of Netflix common stock. The plan expires on February 7, 2025, or upon the earlier completion of all authorized transactions under the plan.
 
Other than those disclosed above, none of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.

Item 9C.Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
PART III
 
Item 10.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One: Election of Directors,” and “Code of Ethics” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
 
Item 11.Executive Compensation
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation of Named Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
 
Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
 
Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
 
Item 14.Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



PART IV
 
Item 15.Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
(1)Financial Statements:
The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
(2)Financial Statement Schedules:
The financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
(3)Exhibits:
See Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


Item 16. Form 10–K Summary

None.










NETFLIX, INC.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

 	Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netflix, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated January 26, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Content Amortization
Description of the Matter	As disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements “Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies”, the Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming (“Content”). The Company amortizes Content based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns.

Auditing the amortization of the Company’s Content is complex and subjective due to the judgmental nature of amortization which is based on an estimate of future viewing patterns. Estimated viewing patterns are based on historical and forecasted viewing. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization would be changed and could affect the timing of recognition of content amortization.
How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit	We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the content amortization process. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the content amortization method and the significant assumptions, including the historical and forecasted viewing hour consumption, used to develop estimated viewing patterns. We also tested management’s controls to determine that the data used in the model was complete and accurate.

To test content amortization, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the content amortization method, testing the significant assumptions used to develop the estimated viewing patterns and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we assessed management’s assumptions by comparing them to current viewing trends and current operating information including comparing previous estimates of viewing patterns to actual results. We also performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the potential changes in the content amortization recorded that could result from changes in the assumptions.
 



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012.	
San Jose, California	
January 26, 2024	
 




NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except per share data)
 
  
Year ended December 31,
  
2023		2022		2021
Revenues		$	33,723,297 			$	31,615,550 			$	29,697,844 	
Cost of revenues		19,715,368 			19,168,285 			17,332,683 	
Marketing
2,657,883 			2,530,502 			2,545,146 	
Technology and development
2,675,758 			2,711,041 			2,273,885 	
General and administrative
1,720,285 			1,572,891 			1,351,621 	
Operating income		6,954,003 			5,632,831 			6,194,509 	
Other income (expense):						
Interest expense		(699,826)			(706,212)			(765,620)	
Interest and other income (expense)		(48,772)			337,310 			411,214 	
Income before income taxes		6,205,405 			5,263,929 			5,840,103 	
Provision for income taxes		(797,415)			(772,005)			(723,875)	
Net income		$	5,407,990 			$	4,491,924 			$	5,116,228 	
Earnings per share:						
Basic		$	12.25 			$	10.10 			$	11.55 	
Diluted		$	12.03 			$	9.95 			$	11.24 	
Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding:						
Basic		441,571 			444,698 			443,155 	
Diluted		449,498 			451,290 			455,372 	
 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(in thousands)
Year ended December 31,
2023		2022		2021
Net income	$	5,407,990 			$	4,491,924 			$	5,116,228 	
Other comprehensive income (loss):					
Foreign currency translation adjustments
113,384 			(176,811)			(84,893)	
Cash flow hedges:					
Net unrealized gains (losses), net of tax benefit (expense) of $36 million, $0, and $0, respectively
(120,023)			— 			— 	
Total other comprehensive loss	(6,639)			(176,811)			(84,893)	
Comprehensive income	$	5,401,351 			$	4,315,113 			$	5,031,335 	
 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
  
Year Ended December 31,
  
2023		2022		2021
Cash flows from operating activities:						
Net income		$	5,407,990 			$	4,491,924 			$	5,116,228 	
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:						
Additions to content assets		(12,554,703)			(16,839,038)			(17,702,202)	
Change in content liabilities		(585,602)			179,310 			232,898 	
Amortization of content assets		14,197,437 			14,026,132 			12,230,367 	
Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles		356,947 			336,682 			208,412 	
Stock-based compensation expense		339,368 			575,452 			403,220 	
Foreign currency remeasurement loss (gain) on debt		176,296 			(353,111)			(430,661)	
Other non-cash items		512,075 			533,543 			376,777 	
Deferred income taxes		(459,359)			(166,550)			199,548 	
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:						
Other current assets		(181,003)			(353,834)			(369,681)	
Accounts payable		93,502 			(158,543)			145,115 	
Accrued expenses and other liabilities		103,565 			(55,513)			180,338 	
Deferred revenue		178,708 			27,356 			91,350 	
Other non-current assets and liabilities		(310,920)			(217,553)			(289,099)	
Net cash provided by operating activities		7,274,301 			2,026,257 			392,610 	
Cash flows from investing activities:						
Purchases of property and equipment		(348,552)			(407,729)			(524,585)	
Change in other assets		— 			— 			(26,919)	
Acquisitions		— 			(757,387)			(788,349)	
Purchases of short-term investments		(504,862)			(911,276)			— 	
Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments		1,395,165 			— 			— 	
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities		541,751 			(2,076,392)			(1,339,853)	
Cash flows from financing activities:						
Repayments of debt		— 			(700,000)			(500,000)	
Proceeds from issuance of common stock		169,990 			35,746 			174,414 	
Repurchases of common stock		(6,045,347)			— 			(600,022)	
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards		— 			— 			(224,168)	
Other financing activities		(75,446)			— 			— 	
Net cash used in financing activities		(5,950,803)			(664,254)			(1,149,776)	
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash		82,684 			(170,140)			(86,740)	
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash		1,947,933 			(884,529)			(2,183,759)	
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year		5,170,582 			6,055,111 			8,238,870 	
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year		$	7,118,515 			$	5,170,582 			$	6,055,111 	
Supplemental disclosure:						
Income taxes paid		$	1,154,973 			$	811,720 			$	509,265 	
Interest paid		684,504 			701,693 			763,432 	
 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
 
 		As of December 31,
  
2023		2022
Assets				
Current assets:				
Cash and cash equivalents		$	7,116,913 			$	5,147,176 	
Short-term investments		20,973 			911,276 	
Other current assets		2,780,247 			3,208,021 	
Total current assets		9,918,133 			9,266,473 	
Content assets, net		31,658,056 			32,736,713 	
Property and equipment, net		1,491,444 			1,398,257 	
Other non-current assets		5,664,359 			5,193,325 	
Total assets		$	48,731,992 			$	48,594,768 	
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity				
Current liabilities:				
Current content liabilities		$	4,466,470 			$	4,480,150 	
Accounts payable		747,412 			671,513 	
Accrued expenses and other liabilities		1,803,960 			1,514,650 	
Deferred revenue		1,442,969 			1,264,661 	
Short-term debt		399,844 			— 	
Total current liabilities		8,860,655 			7,930,974 	
Non-current content liabilities		2,578,173 			3,081,277 	
Long-term debt		14,143,417 			14,353,076 	
Other non-current liabilities		2,561,434 			2,452,040 	
Total liabilities		28,143,679 			27,817,367 	
Commitments and contingencies (Note 8)				
Stockholders’ equity:				
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022
— 			— 	
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 4,990,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022; 432,759,584 and 445,346,776 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively
5,145,172 			4,637,601 	
Treasury stock at cost (16,078,268 and 1,564,478 shares at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022)
(6,922,200)			(824,190)	
Accumulated other comprehensive loss		(223,945)			(217,306)	
Retained earnings		22,589,286 			17,181,296 	
Total stockholders’ equity		20,588,313 			20,777,401 	
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity		$	48,731,992 			$	48,594,768 	
 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(in thousands, except share data)
 
 	Common Stock and Additional
Paid-in Capital		Treasury Stock		Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss)		Retained
Earnings		Total
Stockholders’
Equity
 	Shares		Amount				 		 		
Balances as of December 31, 2020	442,895,261 			$	3,447,698 			$	— 			$	44,398 			$	7,573,144 			$	11,065,240 	
Net income
— 			— 			— 			— 			5,116,228 			5,116,228 	
Other comprehensive loss	— 			— 			— 			(84,893)			— 			(84,893)	
Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options
2,632,324 			173,643 			— 			— 			— 			173,643 	
Repurchases of common stock	(1,182,410)			— 			(600,022)			— 			— 			(600,022)	
Shares withheld related to net share settlement	(382,068)			— 			(224,168)			— 			— 			(224,168)	
Stock-based compensation expense
— 			403,220 			— 			— 			— 			403,220 	
Balances as of December 31, 2021	443,963,107 			$	4,024,561 			$	(824,190)			$	(40,495)			$	12,689,372 			$	15,849,248 	
Net income
— 			— 			— 			— 			4,491,924 			4,491,924 	
Other comprehensive loss	— 			— 			— 			(176,811)			— 			(176,811)	
Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options
1,383,669 			37,588 			— 			— 			— 			37,588 	
Stock-based compensation expense
— 			575,452 			— 			— 			— 			575,452 	
Balances as of December 31, 2022	445,346,776 			$	4,637,601 			$	(824,190)			$	(217,306)			$	17,181,296 			$	20,777,401 	
Net income
— 			— 			— 			— 			5,407,990 			5,407,990 	
Other comprehensive loss	— 			— 			— 			(6,639)			— 			(6,639)	
Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options
1,926,598 			168,203 			— 			— 			— 			168,203 	
Repurchases of common stock	(14,513,790)			— 			(6,098,010)			— 			— 			(6,098,010)	
Stock-based compensation expense
— 			339,368 			— 			— 			— 			339,368 	
Balances as of December 31, 2023	432,759,584 			$	5,145,172 			$	(6,922,200)			$	(223,945)			$	22,589,286 			$	20,588,313 	
 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
NETFLIX, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
1.Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the content asset amortization policy and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates these assumptions, judgments and estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires public entities to disclose information about their reportable segments’ significant expenses and other segment items on an interim and annual basis. Public entities with a single reportable segment are required to apply the disclosure requirements in ASU 2023-07, as well as all existing segment disclosures and reconciliation requirements in ASC 280 on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires public entities, on an annual basis, to provide disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation, as well as disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-09.
Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments
The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions that it expects to settle within several days as cash equivalents.
The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value, with allowances for credit losses included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” within Stockholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.
Short-term investments are reviewed periodically for allowances for credit losses and impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the extent to which the fair value of the security is less than the amortized cost basis, adverse conditions specifically related to the security, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, and whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.
Content
The Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming, in order to offer members unlimited viewing of video entertainment. The content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The Company recognizes content assets (licensed and produced) as “Content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For licensed content, the Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. For produced content, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the production, including development costs, direct costs and production overhead. Participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, the Company amortizes the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use or ten years, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as the Company typically expects more upfront viewing, and film amortization is more accelerated than TV series amortization. On average, over 90% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within four years after its month of first availability. The Company reviews factors impacting the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. The Company's estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, the Company, or a third-party producing content on the Company's behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through eligible spend on productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on the Company’s service. Upon a title’s launch, any amounts the Company is eligible for through qualified production spend but has not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other non-current assets” on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of the Company’s content assets (presented in “Content assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company's business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed in aggregate at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. To date, the Company has not identified any such event or changes in circumstances. If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. In addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Acquisitions
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the expected lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable.
Trade Receivables
Trade receivables consist primarily of amounts related to members and payment partners that collect membership fees on the Company's behalf. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for credit losses based on historical collection trends, the financial condition of its payment partners, and external market factors. The Company's allowance for credit losses was not material as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.
Revenue Recognition
The Company's primary source of revenues is from monthly membership fees. Members are billed in advance of the start of their monthly membership and revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are
presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. The Company is the principal in all its relationships where partners, including consumer electronics ("CE") manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), mobile operators and internet service providers ("ISPs"), provide access to the service as the Company retains control over service delivery to its members. In circumstances in which the price that the member pays is established by a partner and there is no standalone price for the Netflix service (for instance, in a bundle), the net amount collected from the partner is recognized as revenue.
The Company also earns revenue from advertisements presented on its streaming service, consumer products and various other sources. Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not material for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. See Note 2 Revenue Recognition to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding revenues.
Marketing
Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and certain payments made to the Company’s partners, including CE manufacturers, MVPDs, mobile operators and ISPs. Marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support the Company's sales and marketing activities. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were $1,732 million, $1,586 million and $1,669 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. We account for the tax effects of global intangible low tax income as a current period expense.
The Company does not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 10 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency for the Company's subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive income" in Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in "Interest and other income (expense)" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency transactions resulted in a loss of $293 million, a gain of $282 million, and a gain of $403 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. These gains and losses were primarily due to the non-cash remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in euros and the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions denominated in currencies other than functional currencies.
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company uses derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risk related to its ongoing business operations with the primary objective of reducing operating income and cash flow volatility associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
The Company enters into forward contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk on forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, as well as the foreign exchange risk on forecasted transactions and firm commitments related to the licensing and production of foreign currency-denominated content assets. These forward contracts
are designated as cash flow hedges of foreign currency firm commitments and forecasted transactions and generally have maturities of 24 months or less. The hedging contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements, and the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures.
The Company recognizes derivative instruments at fair value as either assets (presented in “Other current assets” and “Other non-current assets”) or liabilities (presented in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities'' and “Other non-current liabilities”) on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company classifies derivative instruments in the Level 2 category within the fair value hierarchy.
The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI") and reclassified into “Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of firmly committed or forecasted transactions related to the licensing and production of content assets is initially reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into “Cost of Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the hedged transaction affects earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the same category as the cash flows for the underlying item being hedged within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
In the event that the likelihood of occurrence of the underlying forecasted transactions is determined to be probable not to occur, the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedges are reclassified from AOCI to “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period of dedesignation.
See Note 7 Derivative Financial Instruments to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company’s derivative financial instruments.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company grants non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. Stock-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the options at the grant date and is recognized, net of forfeitures, over the requisite service period. See Note 9 Stockholders' Equity to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.

2.Revenue Recognition
The following tables summarize streaming revenues, paid net membership additions (losses), and ending paid memberships by region for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively:

United States and Canada (UCAN)
As of/Year Ended December 31,
 		2023		2022		2021
 		(in thousands)
Revenues		$	14,873,783 			$	14,084,643 			$	12,972,100 	
Paid net membership additions (losses)		5,832 			(919)			1,279 	
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		80,128 			74,296 			75,215 	
 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)
As of/Year Ended December 31,
 		2023		2022		2021
 		(in thousands)
Revenues		$	10,556,487 			$	9,745,015 			$	9,699,819 	
Paid net membership additions		12,084 			2,693 			7,338 	
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		88,813 			76,729 			74,036 	
 

Latin America (LATAM)
As of/Year Ended December 31,
 		2023		2022		2021
 		(in thousands)
Revenues		$	4,446,461 			$	4,069,973 			$	3,576,976 	
Paid net membership additions		4,298 			1,738 			2,424 	
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		45,997 			41,699 			39,961 	
 


Asia-Pacific (APAC)
As of/Year Ended December 31,
 		2023		2022		2021
 		(in thousands)
Revenues		$	3,763,727 			$	3,570,221 			$	3,266,601 	
Paid net membership additions		7,315 			5,391 			7,140 	
Paid memberships at end of period (1)		45,338 			38,023 			32,632 	
 
(1) A paid membership (also referred to as a paid subscription) is defined as a membership that has the right to receive Netflix service following sign-up and a method of payment being provided, and that is not part of a free trial or certain other promotions that may be offered by the Company to new or rejoining members. Certain members have the option to add extra member sub accounts. These extra member sub accounts are not included in paid memberships. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations generally become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period. Involuntary cancellations, as a result of a failed method of payment, become effective immediately. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign-up as determined by the Company’s internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology.
 
Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed that have not been recognized, as well as gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been fully redeemed. As of December 31, 2023, total deferred revenue was $1,443 million, the vast majority of which was related to membership fees billed that are expected to be recognized as revenue within the next month. The remaining deferred revenue balance, which is related to gift cards and other prepaid memberships, will be recognized as revenue over the period of service after redemption, which is expected to occur over the next 12 months. The $178 million increase in deferred revenue as compared to the balance of $1,265 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, is a result of the increase in membership fees billed due to increased memberships.

3.Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share is as follows:
 
 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands, except per share data)
Basic earnings per share:					
Net income	$	5,407,990 			$	4,491,924 			$	5,116,228 	
Shares used in computation:					
Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding	441,571 			444,698 			443,155 	
Basic earnings per share	$	12.25 			$	10.10 			$	11.55 	
Diluted earnings per share:					
Net income	$	5,407,990 			$	4,491,924 			$	5,116,228 	
Shares used in computation:					
Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding	441,571 			444,698 			443,155 	
Employee stock options	7,927 			6,592 			12,217 	
Weighted-average number of shares	449,498 			451,290 			455,372 	
Diluted earnings per share
$	12.03 			$	9.95 			$	11.24 	
 
Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:
 
 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands)
Employee stock options	4,109 			6,790 			348 	
 


4.Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Short-term Investments
The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price.
The following tables summarize the Company's cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:
 	As of December 31, 2023
 	Cash and cash equivalents		Short-term investments		Other Current Assets		Non-current Assets		Total
 	(in thousands)
Cash	$	5,986,629 			$	— 			$	1,466 			$	81 			$	5,988,176 	
Level 1 securities:									
Money market funds	925,652 			— 			— 			55 			925,707 	
Level 2 securities:									
Time Deposits (1)	204,632 			20,973 			— 			— 			225,605 	
$	7,116,913 			$	20,973 			$	1,466 			$	136 			$	7,139,488 	
 
(1) The majority of the Company's time deposits are international deposits, which mature within one year.

 	As of December 31, 2022
 	Cash and cash equivalents		Short-term investments		Other Current Assets		Non-current Assets		Total
 	(in thousands)
Cash	$	4,071,584 			$	— 			$	3,410 			$	19,874 			$	4,094,868 	
Level 1 securities:									
Money market funds	569,826 			— 			— 			122 			569,948 	
Level 2 securities:									
Time Deposits (2)	505,766 			911,276 			— 			— 			1,417,042 	
$	5,147,176 			$	911,276 			$	3,410 			$	19,996 			$	6,081,858 	
 
(2) The majority of the Company's time deposits are domestic deposits, which mature within one year.
Other current assets include restricted cash for deposits related to self-insurance and letter of credit agreements. Non-current assets include restricted cash related to letter of credit agreements. The fair value of cash equivalents and short-term investments included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly.
See Note 6 Debt to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of the Company’s senior notes.
There were no material gross realized gains or losses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

5.Balance Sheet Components
Content Assets, Net
Content assets consisted of the following:
As of December 31,
2023		2022
(in thousands)
Licensed content, net
$	12,722,701 			$	12,732,549 	
Produced content, net
Released, less amortization
9,843,150 			9,110,518 	
In production
8,247,578 			10,255,940 	
In development and pre-production
844,627 			637,706 	
18,935,355 			20,004,164 	

Content assets, net	$	31,658,056 			$	32,736,713 	
 
As of December 31, 2023, approximately $5,777 million, $2,860 million, and $1,842 million of the $12,723 million unamortized cost of the licensed content is expected to be amortized in each of the next three years. As of December 31, 2023, approximately $3,766 million, $2,622 million, and $1,793 million of the $9,843 million unamortized cost of the produced content that has been released is expected to be amortized in each of the next three years.
As of December 31, 2023, the amount of accrued participations and residuals was not material.
The following table represents the amortization of content assets:
Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
(in thousands)
Licensed content	$	7,145,446 			$	7,681,978 			$	8,055,811 	
Produced content (1)	7,051,991 			6,344,154 			4,174,556 	
Total	$	14,197,437 			$	14,026,132 			$	12,230,367 	
 
(1) Tax incentives earned on qualified production spend generally reduce the cost-basis of content assets and result in lower content amortization over the life of the title. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, tax incentives resulted in lower content amortization on produced content of approximately $835 million and $719 million, respectively.

Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:
As of December 31,		Estimated Useful Lives (in Years)
2023		2022	
(in thousands)		
Land		$	88,429 			$	85,005 			
Buildings		150,736 			52,106 			30 years
Leasehold improvements		1,032,492 			1,040,570 			Over life of lease
Furniture and fixtures		144,737 			153,682 			3 years
Information technology		414,092 			442,681 			3 years
Corporate aircraft		99,175 			115,578 			
8-10 years
Machinery and equipment		10,334 			26,821 			
3-5 years
Capital work-in-progress		406,492 			235,555 			
Property and equipment, gross		2,346,487 			2,151,998 			
Less: Accumulated depreciation		(855,043)			(753,741)			
Property and equipment, net		$	1,491,444 			$	1,398,257 			
 
    

Leases
The Company has entered into operating leases primarily for real estate. These leases generally have terms which range from 1 year to 15 years, and often include one or more options to renew. These renewal terms can extend the lease term from 1 year to 20 years, and are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. These operating leases are included in "Other non-current assets" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, and represent the Company’s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company’s obligations to make lease payments are included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" and "Other non-current liabilities" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company has entered into various short-term operating leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. These leases are not recorded on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. All operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Because the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The Company has certain contracts for real estate which may contain lease and non-lease components which it has elected to treat as a single lease component.
The components of lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
Year ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
(in thousands)
Operating lease cost	$	430,856 			$	413,664 			$	389,805 	
Short-term lease cost	207,822 			194,764 			152,765 	
Total lease cost	$	638,678 			$	608,428 			$	542,570 	
 

Information related to the Company's operating right-of-use assets and related operating lease liabilities were as follows:
Year ended December 31,
2023		2022		2021
(in thousands)
Cash paid for operating lease liabilities	$	451,525 			$	413,034 			$	349,586 	
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations	196,639 			252,393 			764,142 	
 
As of December 31,
2023		2022
(in thousands, except lease term and discount rate)
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net	$	2,076,899 			$	2,227,122 	
Current operating lease liabilities	$	383,312 			$	355,985 	
Non-current operating lease liabilities	2,046,801 			2,222,503 	
Total operating lease liabilities	$	2,430,113 			$	2,578,488 	
Weighted-average remaining lease term	7.5 years		8.3 years
Weighted-average discount rate	3.3 	%		3.2 	%
 


Maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2023 were as follows (in thousands):
Due in 12 month period ended December 31,
2024	$	460,353 	
2025	424,897 	
2026	401,306 	
2027	340,245 	
2028	282,465 	
Thereafter	827,117 	
2,736,383 	
Less imputed interest	(306,270)	
Total operating lease liabilities	$	2,430,113 	
 
The Company has additional operating leases for real estate of $343 million which have not commenced as of December 31, 2023, and as such, have not been recognized on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. These operating leases are expected to commence in 2024 with lease terms between 2 and 11 years.


Other Current Assets
Other current assets consisted of the following:
As of
December 31,
2023		December 31,
(in thousands)
Trade receivables
$	1,287,054 			$	988,898 	
Prepaid expenses
408,936 			392,735 	
Other (1)
1,084,257 			1,826,388 	
Total other current assets
$	2,780,247 			$	3,208,021 	
 
(1) $555 million and $598 million of receivables related to tax incentives earned on production spend are included in Other as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The decrease in Other was primarily driven by receipt of amounts due under a modified content licensing arrangement.

6.Debt

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had aggregate outstanding notes of $14,543 million, net of $65 million of issuance costs, with varying maturities (the "Notes"). Of the outstanding balance, $400 million, net of issuance costs, is classified as short-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate outstanding long-term notes of $14,353 million, net of $79 million of issuance costs. Each of the Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at fixed rates. A portion of the outstanding Notes is denominated in foreign currency (comprised of €5,170 million) and is remeasured into U.S. dollars at each balance sheet date (with remeasurement loss totaling $176 million for the year ended December 31, 2023).

The following table provides a summary of the Company's outstanding debt and the fair values based on quoted market prices in less active markets as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022:

Principal Amount at Par						Level 2 Fair Value as of
December 31,
2023		December 31,
2022		Issuance Date		Maturity		December 31,
2023		December 31,
(in millions)						(in millions)
5.750% Senior Notes
$	400 			$	400 			February 2014		March 2024		$	400 			$	404 	
5.875% Senior Notes
800 			800 			February 2015		February 2025		807 			811 	
3.000% Senior Notes (1)
519 			503 			April 2020		June 2025		516 			495 	
3.625% Senior Notes
500 			500 			April 2020		June 2025		491 			479 	
4.375% Senior Notes
1,000 			1,000 			October 2016		November 2026		996 			980 	
3.625% Senior Notes (1)
1,434 			1,391 			May 2017		May 2027		1,454 			1,338 	
4.875% Senior Notes
1,600 			1,600 			October 2017		April 2028		1,621 			1,557 	
5.875% Senior Notes
1,900 			1,900 			April 2018		November 2028		2,009 			1,930 	
4.625% Senior Notes (1)
1,215 			1,177 			October 2018		May 2029		1,300 			1,151 	
6.375% Senior Notes
800 			800 			October 2018		May 2029		872 			830 	
3.875% Senior Notes (1)
1,325 			1,284 			April 2019		November 2029		1,372 			1,201 	
5.375% Senior Notes
900 			900 			April 2019		November 2029		931 			885 	
3.625% Senior Notes (1)
1,215 			1,177 			October 2019		June 2030		1,237 			1,078 	
4.875% Senior Notes
1,000 			1,000 			October 2019		June 2030		1,012 			944 	
$	14,608 			$	14,432 							$	15,018 			$	14,083 	
 

(1) The following Senior Notes have a principal amount denominated in euro: 3.000% Senior Notes for €470 million, 3.625% Senior Notes for €1,300 million, 4.625% Senior Notes for €1,100 million, 3.875% Senior Notes for €1,200 million, and 3.625% Senior Notes for €1,100 million.

Each of the Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and an applicable premium. The Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of certain of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants.

Revolving Credit Facility
On March 6, 2023, the Company amended its $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility ("Revolving Credit Agreement") to replace the London interbank offered rate to a variable secured overnight financing rate (the “Term SOFR Rate”) as the rate to which interest payments are indexed, among other things. The Revolving Credit Agreement matures on June 17, 2026. Revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until June 17, 2026, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. The Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement for
working capital and general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2023, no amounts have been borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement.
The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company’s option, of either (i) a floating rate equal to a base rate (the “Alternate Base Rate”) or (ii) a rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate (or the applicable benchmark replacement), plus a margin of 0.75%. The Alternate Base Rate is defined as the greatest of (A) the rate of interest published by the Wall Street Journal, from time to time, as the prime rate, (B) the federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and (C) the Term SOFR Rate for a one-month tenor, plus 1.00%. The Term SOFR Rate is the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a successor administrator, for the relevant interest period, but in no event shall the Term SOFR Rate be less than 0.00% per annum.
The Company is also obligated to pay a commitment fee on the undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Agreement at an annual rate of 0.10%. The Revolving Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with certain covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the Company’s subsidiaries to incur debt and limit or restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to grant liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and, in the case of the Company or a guarantor, merge, consolidate, liquidate, dissolve or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants.

7.Derivative Financial Instruments
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into derivative financial instruments to manage foreign exchange risk related to its ongoing business operations with the primary objective of reducing operating income and cash flow volatility associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company did not use any derivative instruments prior to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.

Notional Amount of Derivative Contracts
The net notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments were as follows:
As of December 31,
2023		2022
(in thousands)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts
Cash flow hedges
$	8,783,273 			$	— 	
Total
$	8,783,273 			$	— 	
 
Fair Value of Derivative Contracts
The fair value of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments were as follows:

 	As of December 31, 2023
Derivative Assets		Derivative Liabilities
 	Other current assets		Other non-current assets		Accrued expenses and other liabilities		Other non-current liabilities
 	(in thousands)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:							
Foreign exchange contracts	$	26,416 			$	4,518 			$	140,089 			$	46,575 	
Total	$	26,416 			$	4,518 			$	140,089 			$	46,575 	
 
The Company classifies derivative instruments in the Level 2 category within the fair value hierarchy. These instruments are valued using industry standard valuation models that use observable inputs such as interest rate yield curves, and forward and spot prices for currencies.
As of December 31, 2023, the pre-tax net accumulated loss on our foreign currency cash flow hedges included in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets expected to be recognized in earnings within the next 12 months is $128 million.
Master Netting Agreements
In order to mitigate counterparty credit risk, the Company enters into master netting agreements with its counterparties for its foreign currency exchange contracts, which permit the parties to settle amounts on a net basis under certain conditions. The Company has elected to present its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on its Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company also enters into collateral security arrangements with its counterparties that require the parties to post cash collateral when certain contractual thresholds are met. No cash collateral was received or posted by the Company as of December 31, 2023.
The potential offsetting effect to the Company’s derivative assets and liabilities under its master netting agreements and collateral security agreements were as follows:

 	As of December 31, 2023
Gross Amount Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets		
 	Gross Amount Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets		Gross Amount Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets		Net Amount Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets		Financial Instruments		Collateral Received and Posted		Net Amount
 	(in thousands)
Derivative assets	$	30,934 			$	— 			$	30,934 			$	(27,246)			$	— 			$	3,688 	
Derivative liabilities	186,664 			— 			186,664 			(27,246)			— 			159,418 	
 
Effect of Derivative Instruments on Consolidated Financial Statements
The pre-tax gains (losses) on the Company’s cash flow hedges recognized in AOCI were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2023		2022		2021
(in thousands)
Cash flow hedges:					
Foreign exchange contracts (1)					
Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness	$	(155,730)			$	— 			$	— 	
Total	$	(155,730)			$	— 			$	— 	
 
(1) No amounts were excluded from the assessment of effectiveness.
No gains or losses on derivative instruments were reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the year ended December 31, 2023.

8. Commitments and Contingencies
Content
At December 31, 2023, the Company had $21.7 billion of obligations comprised of $4.5 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $2.6 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $14.6 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not yet meet the criteria for recognition.
At December 31, 2022, the Company had $21.8 billion of obligations comprised of $4.5 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $3.1 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $14.2 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not yet meet the criteria for recognition.
The expected timing of payments for these content obligations is as follows:
As of December 31,
2023		2022
 	(in thousands)
Less than one year	$	10,328,923 			$	10,038,483 	
Due after one year and through 3 years	8,784,302 			9,425,551 	
Due after 3 years and through 5 years	2,016,358 			2,124,307 	
Due after 5 years	583,766 			243,606 	
Total content obligations	$	21,713,349 			$	21,831,947 	
 
    
Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content. Obligations that are in non-U.S. dollar currencies are translated to the U.S. dollar at period end rates. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements as well as other production related commitments. An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of such license agreements. The Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant.

Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
The Company is involved in litigation matters not listed herein but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.

Non-Income Taxes
The Company is routinely under audit by various tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to our revenue in certain jurisdictions. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable.
Similar to other U.S. companies doing business in Brazil, the Company is involved in a number of matters with Brazilian tax authorities regarding non-income tax assessments. Although the Company believes it has meritorious defenses to these matters, there is inherent complexity and uncertainty with respect to these matters, and the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations. The current potential exposure with respect to the various issues with Brazilian tax authorities regarding non-income tax assessments is estimated to be approximately $300 million, which is expected to increase over time.

Guarantees—Indemnification Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract.
The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify
them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.

9.Stockholders’ Equity
Voting Rights
The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company’s stockholders.
Stock Option Plan
In June 2020, the Company's stockholders approved the 2020 Stock Plan, which was adopted by the Company's Board of Directors in March 2020 subject to stockholder approval. The 2020 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants.
A summary of the activities related to the Company’s stock option plans is as follows:
 
 	Shares 
Available
for Grant		Options Outstanding				
 	Number of
Shares		Weighted- Average Exercise Price
(per share)		Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)		Aggregate
Intrinsic Value
(in thousands)
Balances as of December 31, 2020	21,702,085 			18,676,810 			$	170.23 					
Granted	(1,556,725)			1,556,725 			554.11 					
Exercised	— 			(2,632,324)			65.97 					
Expired	— 			(5,360)			34.63 					
Balances as of December 31, 2021	20,145,360 			17,595,851 			$	219.83 					
Granted	(3,691,257)			3,691,257 			267.94 					
Exercised	— 			(1,383,669)			27.19 					
Expired	— 			(6,578)			11.10 					
Balances as of December 31, 2022	16,454,103 			19,896,861 			$	242.22 					
Granted	(1,729,218)			1,729,218 			372.49 					
Exercised	— 			(1,926,598)			87.30 					
Expired	— 			(4,372)			36.39 					
Balances as of December 31, 2023	14,724,885 			19,695,109 			$	268.86 			5.35		$	4,429,404 	
Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2023
19,695,109 			$	268.86 			5.35		$	4,429,404 	
Exercisable as of December 31, 2023
19,447,739 			$	267.37 			5.30		$	4,404,586 	
 
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2023 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of 2023. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock.
A summary of the amounts related to option exercises, is as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2023		2022		2021
(in thousands)
Total intrinsic value of options exercised		$	610,594 			$	345,839 			$	1,362,599 	
Cash received from options exercised		169,990 			35,746 			174,414 	
 
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock options are generally vested in full upon grant date and exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. Stock options granted to certain named executive officers vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the employee’s continuous employment or service with the Company through the vesting date. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data:
 
 		Year Ended December 31,
 		2023		2022		2021
Dividend yield		— 	%		— 	%		— 	%
Expected volatility		
40% - 46%
38% - 52%
34% - 41%
Risk-free interest rate		
3.57% - 4.56%
1.71% - 3.79%
1.08% - 1.62%
Suboptimal exercise factor		
4.22 - 4.30
4.71 - 4.82
3.81 - 3.98
Valuation data:						
Weighted-average fair value (per share)		$	211.27 			$	155.88 			$	259.01 	
Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands)		339,368 			575,452 			403,220 	
Total income tax impact on provision (in thousands)		61,588 			127,289 			89,642 	
 

The Company considers several factors in determining the suboptimal exercise factor, including the historical and estimated option exercise behavior.
The Company calculates expected volatility based solely on implied volatility. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is more reflective of market conditions, and given consistently high trade volumes of the options, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock.
In valuing shares issued under the Company’s employee stock option plans, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are generally fully vested upon grant date.
The total fair value of stock options that vested during the year ended December 31, 2023 was $311 million. The Company did not grant any stock options subject to vesting conditions in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2023, $26 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.45 years.

Stock Repurchases
In March 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of its common stock, with no expiration date, and in September 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $10 billion, also with no expiration date. Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the Company’s stock price, general economic, business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. The Company may discontinue any repurchases of its common stock at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 14,513,790 shares for an aggregate amount of $6,045 million. As of December 31, 2023, $8.4 billion remains available for repurchases. Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Foreign Currency Translation
Adjustments		Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges		Total
(in thousands)
Balances as of December 31, 2020
$	44,398 			$	— 			$	44,398 	
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
(84,893)			— 			(84,893)	
Balances as of December 31, 2021
(40,495)			— 			(40,495)	
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
(176,811)			— 			(176,811)	
Balances as of December 31, 2022
(217,306)			— 			(217,306)	
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
113,384 			(120,023)			(6,639)	
Balances as of December 31, 2023
$	(103,922)			$	(120,023)			$	(223,945)	
 


10.    Income Taxes
Income before provision for income taxes was as follows:
 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands)
United States	$	5,602,762 			$	4,623,218 			$	5,349,749 	
Foreign	602,643 			640,711 			490,354 	
Income before income taxes	$	6,205,405 			$	5,263,929 			$	5,840,103 	
 
The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows:
 
 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands)
Current tax provision:					
Federal	$	854,170 			$	109,910 			$	57,526 	
State	181,684 			119,795 			109,641 	
Foreign	304,539 			676,827 			357,189 	
Total current	1,340,393 			906,532 			524,356 	
Deferred tax provision:					
Federal	(412,760)			(52,434)			188,937 	
State	(55,475)			(30,691)			(2,700)	
Foreign	(74,743)			(51,402)			13,282 	
Total deferred	(542,978)			(134,527)			199,519 	
Provision for income taxes	$	797,415 			$	772,005 			$	723,875 	
 
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the 21% statutory Federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows:

 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands)
Expected tax expense at U.S. Federal statutory tax rate	$	1,303,123 			$	1,105,428 			$	1,226,422 	
State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect	104,717 			92,084 			111,400 	
Foreign earnings at other than U.S. rates	(32,292)			104,665 			(86,489)	
Research and development tax credit	(87,036)			(146,615)			(82,909)	
Excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation	(119,043)			(75,211)			(290,899)	
Foreign-derived intangible income deduction	(426,597)			(361,013)			(192,238)	
Nontaxable and nondeductible items	41,782 			44,046 			37,144 	
Other	12,761 			8,621 			1,444 	
Provision for income taxes	$	797,415 			$	772,005 			$	723,875 	
Effective Tax Rate	13 	%		15 	%		12 	%
 

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
 
 	As of December 31,
 	2023		2022
 	(in thousands)
Deferred tax assets:			
Stock-based compensation	$	486,876 			$	443,456 	
Tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards	544,431 			409,411 	
Capitalized research expenses	593,439 			323,998 	
Accruals and reserves	137,251 			119,732 	
Operating lease liabilities	516,574 			551,418 	
Unrealized losses	62,213 			— 	
Other	11,615 			2,234 	
Total deferred tax assets	2,352,399 			1,850,249 	
Valuation allowance	(442,293)			(343,342)	
Net deferred tax assets	1,910,106 			1,506,907 	
Deferred tax liabilities:			
Depreciation & amortization	(357,477)			(456,717)	
Operating right-of-use lease assets	(435,216)			(473,928)	
Unrealized gains	— 			(47,283)	
       Acquired intangibles	(233,433)			(267,438)	
       Other	(9,430)			— 	
Total deferred tax liabilities	(1,035,556)			(1,245,366)	
Net deferred tax assets	$	874,550 			$	261,541 	
 
The following table shows the deferred tax assets and liabilities within our Consolidated Balance Sheets:
 	As of December 31,
 	2023		2022
 	(in thousands)
Total deferred tax assets:			
Other non-current assets	$	1,000,760 			$	261,541 	
Total deferred tax liabilities:			
Other non-current liabilities	(126,210)			— 	
Net deferred tax assets	$	874,550 			$	261,541 	
 
As of December 31, 2023, for tax return purposes, the Company had $582 million of California R&D tax credit carryforwards which can be carried forward indefinitely, $838 million of state net operating loss carryforwards which will begin to expire in 2026, $19 million of foreign tax credit carryforwards which will begin to expire in 2033, and $421 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards which will begin to expire in 2024.
In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2023, the valuation allowance of $442 million was primarily related to California R&D tax credits, state net operating loss carryforwards, and foreign tax credits that the Company does not expect to realize.
At December 31, 2023, we have not provided for applicable U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes on approximately $52 million of our foreign undistributed earnings because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. At December 31, 2023, we provided taxes and recorded a deferred tax liability on our undistributed foreign earnings for which we are not indefinitely reinvested.
The unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year are classified as “Other non-current liabilities” and a reduction of deferred tax assets which is classified as "Other non-current assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $327 million and $227 million, respectively, of which $188 million and $155 million, respectively, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows:
 
As of December 31,
2023	2022	2021
(in thousands)
Balance at the beginning of the year	$	226,977 		$	202,557 		$	140,124 	
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period	65,630 		26,865 		35,317 	
Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods	76,794 		— 		27,116 	
Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods	(10,117)		(2,445)		— 	
Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities	(32,179)		— 		— 	
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations	— 		— 		— 	
Balance at the end of the year	$	327,105 		$	226,977 		$	202,557 	
 
The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes and in “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded $25 million, $2 million, and less than $1 million, respectively, of interest and penalties in the provision for income taxes. The amount of interest and penalties accrued at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $28 million and $3 million, respectively.
The Company files U.S. Federal, state and foreign tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for years 2016 through 2018 and is subject to examination for 2019 through 2022. The foreign and state tax returns for years 2016 through 2022 are subject to examination by various state and foreign jurisdictions. While the Company is in various stages of inquiry and examination with certain taxing authorities and we believe that our tax positions will more likely than not be sustained, it is nonetheless possible that future obligations related to these matters could arise. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from an examination.
Given the potential outcome of current examinations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments cannot be made at this time.

11.    Employee Benefit Plan
The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 80% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s matching contributions totaled $114 million, $102 million and $85 million, respectively.
Multiemployer Benefit Plans
The Company contributes to various multiemployer defined pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in multiemployer pension plans are different from single-employer plans such that (i) contributions made by the Company to the multiemployer pension plans may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; (ii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer pension plans, it may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan; and (iii) if a company stops contributing to the multiemployer pension plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may become the obligation of the remaining participating employers. The Company also contributes to various other multiemployer benefit plans that provide health and welfare benefits to both active and retired participants. The Company does not participate in any multiemployer benefit plans that are individually significant to the Company.
The following table summarizes the Company's contributions to multiemployer pension and health plans for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively:
 	Year Ended December 31,
 	2023		2022		2021
 	(in thousands)
Pension benefits	$	57,285 			$	127,885 			$	111,133 	
Health benefits	85,157 			96,285 			83,153 	
Total contributions	$	142,442 			$	224,170 			$	194,286 	
 

12.    Segment and Geographic Information
The Company operates as one operating segment. The Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is its co-chief executive officers, who review financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources.
    Total U.S. revenues were $13.8 billion, $13.0 billion and $12.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 2 Revenue Recognition for additional information about streaming revenue by region.
    The Company's long-lived tangible assets, as well as the Company's operating lease right-of-use assets recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were located as follows:
As of December 31,
2023		2022
(in thousands)
United States	$	2,724,710 			$	2,745,071 	
International	843,633 			880,308 	
 
EXHIBIT INDEX
 
Exhibit
Number		Exhibit Description		Incorporated by Reference		Filed
Herewith
Form		File No.		Exhibit		Filing Date	
3.1
Restated Certificate of Incorporation
8-K		001-35727		3.1		June 8, 2022		
3.2
Amended and Restated Bylaws
8-K		001-35727		3.2		February 24, 2023		
4.1
Form of Common Stock Certificate
S-1/A		333-83878		4.1		April 16, 2002		
4.2
Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2014, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
8-K		
001-35727
4.1		February 19, 2014		
4.3
Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2015, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
8-K		001-35727		4.1		February 5, 2015		
4.4
Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2015, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
8-K		001-35727		4.2		February 5, 2015		
4.5
Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
8-K		001-35727		4.1		October 27, 2016		
4.6
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
10-Q		001-35727		4.7		April 20, 2017		
4.7
Indenture, dated as of May 2, 2017, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.
8-K		001-35727		4.1		May 3, 2017		
4.8
Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2017, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee
8-K		001-35727		4.1		October 26, 2017		
4.9
Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee
8-K		001-35727		4.1		April 26, 2018		
4.10
Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2018, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (6.375% Senior Notes due 2029)
8-K		001-35727		4.1		October 26, 2018		
4.11
Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2018, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (4.625% Senior Notes due 2029)
8-K		001-35727		4.3		October 26, 2018		
4.12
Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2019, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (5.375% Senior Notes due 2029)
8-K		001-35727		4.1		April 29, 2019		
4.13
Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2019, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (3.875% Senior Notes due 2029)
8-K		001-35727		4.3		April 29, 2019		
4.14
Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2019, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (4.875% Senior Notes due 2030)
8-K		001-35727		4.1		October 25, 2019		
4.15
Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2019, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (3.625% Senior Notes due 2030)
8-K		001-35727		4.3		October 25, 2019		
4.16
Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2020, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (3.625% Senior Notes due 2025)
8-K		001-35727		4.1		April 28, 2020		
 
Exhibit
Number		Exhibit Description		Incorporated by Reference		Filed
Herewith
Form		File No.		Exhibit		Filing Date	
4.17
Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2020, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (3.000% Senior Notes due 2025)
8-K		001-35727		4.3		April 28, 2020		
4.18
Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
10-K		001-35727		4.2		January 26, 2023		
10.1†
Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors
S-1/A		333-83878		10.1		March 20, 2002		
10.2†
2011 Stock Plan
Def 14A		000-49802		A		April 20, 2011		
10.3†
2020 Stock Plan
Def 14A		001-35727		A		April 22, 2020		
10.4†
Description of Director Equity Compensation Plan
8-K		001-35727		Item 5.02		January 24, 2018		
10.5†
Amended and Restated Performance Bonus Plan
8-K		001-35727		10.1		December 9, 2022		
10.6†
Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan
8-K		001-35727		10.1		September 10, 2021		
10.7
Revolving Credit Agreement among the Company, Deutsche bank AG New York Branch, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the administrative agent, dated as of July 27, 2017
10-Q		001-35727		10.15		October 18, 2017		
10.8
First Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, among Netflix, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent.
8-K		001-35727		10.1		April 1, 2019		
10.9
Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, among Netflix, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent.
8-K		001-35727		10.1		June 17, 2021		
10.10
Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2023, among Netflix, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent.
10-Q		001-35727		10.2		April 21, 2023		
10.11†
Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Plan
10-K		001-35727		10.11		January 27, 2022		
10.12†
Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Plan
10-K		001-35727		10.11		January 26, 2023		
10.13†
Netflix, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
8-K		001-35727		10.1		December 8, 2023		
10.14†
Netflix, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
8-K		001-35727		10.2		December 8, 2023		
10.15†
Netflix, Inc. Executive Officer Severance Plan
8-K		001-35727		10.3		December 8, 2023		
10.16†
Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2024
8-K		001-35727		10400		December 8, 2023		
21.1
List of Significant Subsidiaries
X
23.1
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP
X
24		Power of Attorney (see signature page)										
31.1
Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
X
 
Exhibit
Number		Exhibit Description		Incorporated by Reference		Filed
Herewith
Form		File No.		Exhibit		Filing Date	
31.2
Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
X
31.3
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
X
32.1*
Certifications of Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
X
97.1
Netflix, Inc. Clawback Policy
X
101		
The following financial statements from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags
X
104		
The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL
X
 

* These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings.
† Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
 	Netflix, Inc.
Dated:	January 26, 2024	 	By:	  	
/S/    TED SARANDOS
 		  	
Ted Sarandos
Co-Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer)
Dated:	January 26, 2024		By:		
/S/    GREG PETERS
Greg Peters
Co-Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer)
 
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ted Sarandos, Greg Peters, and Spencer Neumann, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
Signature		Title		Date
/S/    TED SARANDOS
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer)		January 26, 2024
Ted Sarandos		
/S/     GREG PETERS
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer)		January 26, 2024
Greg Peters		
/S/    SPENCER NEUMANN
Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)		January 26, 2024
Spencer Neumann		
/S/    JEFFREY KARBOWSKI
Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer)		January 26, 2024
Jeffrey Karbowski		
/S/    REED HASTINGS
Executive Chairman and Director		January 26, 2024
Reed Hastings		
/S/    RICHARD BARTON
Director		January 26, 2024
Richard Barton		
/S/    MATHIAS DÖPFNER
Director		January 26, 2024
Mathias Döpfner		
/S/    TIMOTHY M. HALEY
Director		January 26, 2024
Timothy M. Haley		
/S/    JAY C. HOAG
Director		January 26, 2024
Jay C. Hoag		
/S/    LESLIE J. KILGORE
Director		January 26, 2024
Leslie J. Kilgore		
/S/    STRIVE MASIYIWA
Director		January 26, 2024
Strive Masiyiwa		
/S/    ANN MATHER
Director		January 26, 2024
Ann Mather		
 
/S/   SUSAN RICE
Director		January 26, 2024
Susan Rice		
/S/   BRAD SMITH
Director		January 26, 2024
Brad Smith		
/S/   ANNE SWEENEY
Director		January 26, 2024
Anne Sweeney		
 

What would you like to know?
quit
Goodbye!

The user inputted 1 responses.

The program outputted 1 valid responses.

The program ran for 167.677 seconds.
