Welcome to the Text Processor!
I have information on both Paramount and Netflix's 10-K Reports. 
If you do not specify a company or the company is not one of the two, then we will take information from your previous query, or from Netflix's 10-k.
 You may also ask for logs and statistics of previous chat sessions.

What would you like to know?
show me paramount's stuff
You asked: 

show me paramount's stuff

I do not know the answer to this information. Sorry! 

What would you like to know?
show me paramount's business
Here is the business information. I have written everything from business to the output file.

ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 12, Segment and Geographic Information, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear TV, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, like social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing. Historically, the fourth quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth. In addition, our membership growth can be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content we produce and distribute through our service. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 13,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 9,000 (69%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,000 (15%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 500 (4%) in Latin America and 1,500 (12%) in Asia-Pacific. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year. We believe a critical component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a "Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our associates to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence. We aim to attract and retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. We empower all of our employees so that they can have significant impact and input into decision-making; each employee has a high degree of freedom and power to make the decisions and take actions in the best interest of the company in carrying out their role. In return, our employees are responsible and accountable for those decisions and actions. With this approach, we believe we are a more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, collaborative and successful organization.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our operations. We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions. Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us. We work to build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee carries out their role. We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to help increase representation by training our recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented and/or marginalized communities. We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1 reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders. We offer programs, such as seminars and lectures, that are designed to equip our leaders (officers, VPs, people managers and director and senior manager-level employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic goals. We have built a portfolio of programs under three foundational pillars - great company, great leaders, and great human beings - which we believe support our current and future success. We also offer programs and workshops to provide skills and coaching to employees on a variety of topics, such as leading and inspiring
teams. We believe this focus helps our employees grow as leaders and well-rounded individuals, and better positions Netflix to operate our global business of providing compelling content to entertain the world.
We aim to generally pay our employees at the top of their personal market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender (globally) and race (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.netflix.net), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.

	
Business.
Overview
We are a leading global media, streaming and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic consumer brands, our portfolio includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+ and Pluto TV. We hold one of the industry’s most extensive libraries of television and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, we also provide powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions.
Our strategy is grounded in three key strengths: (1) our broad range of popular content; (2) our multiplatform distribution model; and (3) our global operating reach. In 2022, we demonstrated the continued breadth and depth of our content capabilities across our distribution platforms — broadcast, including the leading network in the United States (the “U.S.”), CBS; a portfolio of cable networks that includes Nickelodeon, MTV and BET; a rapidly growing subscription streaming service, Paramount+; a leading free advertising-supported streaming television (“FAST”) service in the U.S., Pluto TV; and an iconic Hollywood studio, Paramount Pictures. Our global operating footprint includes content production capabilities across Latin America, the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”), Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific, cable networks in many key markets and deep commercial relationships with strategic partners around the world.
2022 was a notable year for us in streaming. Benefiting from a slate of original series, including Halo, 1883, 1923, Tulsa King, Criminal Minds: Evolution and SEAL Team, and original films, including Orphan: First Kill and Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe, our global streaming subscribers grew 38% year-over-year to 77.3 million and Paramount+ subscribers grew 70% year-over-year to 55.9 million. According to Antenna, Paramount+ is the number one premium streaming service in domestic sign-ups and gross subscriber additions since its launch in March 2021 through the end of 2022, and had the most sign-ups in 2022. In sports, we reached a six-year multiplatform U.S. media rights extension for the Union of European Football Associations (“UEFA”) Champions League. We also recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+
                                                
across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. In free, Pluto TV global monthly active users (MAUs) increased 22% year-over-year to 78.5 million.
Paramount Pictures released six films in 2022 that debuted at number one at the domestic box office — Scream, Jackass Forever, The Lost City, Sonic The Hedgehog 2, Top Gun: Maverick and Smile. These hits were led by Top Gun: Maverick, the fifth highest-grossing domestic movie of all time and first film to top the domestic box office on both Memorial Day and Labor Day. Following its theatrical run, the film has continued to draw big audiences in the U.S. digital home entertainment market and on Paramount+. Released in the fall, Smile became the highest-grossing horror film of the year worldwide.
CBS finished the 2021-2022 season as America’s number one broadcast network in primetime for the 14th consecutive season. In entertainment, CBS was number one across multiple genres — drama (NCIS); new comedy (Ghosts); primetime news series (60 Minutes); late night series (The Late Show with Stephen Colbert); and the number one daytime lineup for the 35th consecutive year. CBS Sports delivered its most-watched National Football League (the “NFL”) regular season in seven years, while Paramount+ had its most-streamed NFL regular season ever, recording double-digit year-over-year growth. Additionally, for the 14th consecutive year, CBS Sports maintained college football’s highest average viewership. Beginning next season, we will air Big Ten football and basketball games as part of a multiplatform agreement that extends through the end of the decade.
Our portfolio of cable networks attracted audiences through a broad range of shows, including the most watched original series in the U.S. across all of television, Yellowstone, and one of the world’s most popular preschool series, PAW Patrol. In 2022, adult cable series on our cable networks accounted for three of the top five and five of the top ten series among adults 18 to 34. Nickelodeon networks accounted for seven of the top ten cable series among kids two to 11 and returned to share growth for the first time in five years.
In 2022, we focused on expanding our global footprint and building key distribution partnerships with industry leaders including Sky, CANAL+ and Virgin Media. We launched Paramount+ in South Korea, the U.K., Ireland, Italy, France, Germany, Switzerland and Austria, and in the U.S., launched a first-of-its-kind partnership with Walmart to offer Paramount+ Essential to Walmart+ members. SkyShowtime, our streaming joint venture with Comcast, launched in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (the “Nordics”). Finally, we launched Pluto TV in Canada with Corus and in the Nordics with Viaplay Group.
We continued our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) in 2022. We hosted our fourth annual Global Inclusion Week, a week-long initiative featuring conversations, panels and workshops designed to ensure our workforce and culture reflect, celebrate and elevate the diversity of our audiences and communities. We also continued to advance Content for Change, a companywide initiative designed to use the power of our content, creative supply chain and culture to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate. We released our third Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report, and made progress on our ESG strategy and goals across our three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. We also hosted our 26th annual Community Day, a global day of community service focused on causes and issues that resonate with our employees and audiences.
We operate through the following segments:
•TV Media.  Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) domestic and international broadcast networks and owned television stations; (2) domestic and international extensions of our cable networks; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, and production and distribution of first-run syndicated programming. TV Media generated approximately 72% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
•Direct-to-Consumer.  Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of our portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
                                                
•Filmed Entertainment.  Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of our production and acquisition of films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
We were organized as a Delaware corporation in 1986. In December 2019, we changed our name to ViacomCBS Inc. in connection with the merger of Viacom Inc. (“Viacom”) and CBS Corporation (“CBS”) (the “Merger”). In February 2022, we changed our name to Paramount Global. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to “Paramount,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Paramount Global and its consolidated subsidiaries, to “CBS” mean CBS and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger and to “Viacom” mean Viacom and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger.
Our principal offices are located at 1515 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Our telephone number is (212) 258-6000 and our website is paramount.com. Information included on or accessible through our website is not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.
We have two classes of common stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (together, our “Common Stock”), both of which are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, under the ticker symbols “PARAA” and “PARA,” respectively. Owners of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Shares of our Class B Common Stock do not have voting rights. As of December 31, 2022, National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”), a closely held corporation that owns and operates movie screens in the U.S., the U.K. and South America, directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting Class A Common Stock, representing approximately 9.8% of our Common Stock. NAI is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Our Segments
para-20221231_g1.jpg
TV Media
Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) broadcast operations — the CBS Television Network, our domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, our owned television stations; and our international free-to-air networks, Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe and Chilevisión; (2) domestic premium and basic cable networks, including Paramount Media Networks, Nickelodeon, BET Media Group and CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of certain of these brands; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios and MTV Entertainment Studios, as well as CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming. TV Media also includes a number of digital properties such as CBS News Streaming for 24-hour news and CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis.
TV Media’s revenues are generated principally from advertising; affiliate and subscription revenues principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) and third-party live television streaming services (“virtual MVPDs” or “vMVPDs”) for carriage of our cable networks (cable affiliate fees) and our owned television stations (retransmission fees), and fees received from television stations for their affiliation with the CBS Television Network (“reverse compensation”); and the licensing and distribution of our content and other rights. In 2022, advertising, affiliate and subscription, and licensing and other generated
                                                
approximately 43%, 38% and 19%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. TV Media generated approximately 72%, 80% and 83% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Broadcast
CBS Television Network.  The CBS Television Network (the “CBS Network”), through CBS Entertainment, CBS News and CBS Sports, distributes entertainment programming, news, public affairs programs and sports. CBS Network content also is available on the internet, including through: CBS.com, CBSNews.com, CBSSports.com and related apps; our streaming services, such as Paramount+, CBS News Streaming and Pluto TV; and MVPDs and vMVPDs. CBS Entertainment acquires or develops and schedules the programming on the CBS Network, which includes primetime comedies and dramas, reality, specials, kids’ programs, daytime dramas, game shows and late night. CBS News operates a worldwide news organization, providing the CBS Network, CBS News Radio and digital platforms with regularly scheduled news and public affairs programs. CBS Sports broadcasts on the CBS Network include certain regular season and playoff NFL games, including post-season American Football Conference wild card playoff, divisional playoff and championship games and, on a rotating basis with other networks, the Super Bowl; the National Collegiate Athletic Association’s (the “NCAA”) Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament and marquee regular-season college basketball games; regular-season college football games; the PGA TOUR, the Masters and the PGA Championship; and certain UEFA Champions League games.
CBS Stations.  CBS Stations consists of our 29 owned broadcast television stations, all of which operate under licenses granted by the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”). Licensees must seek to renew each license every eight years. Our stations are located in the six largest, and 15 of the top 20, television markets in the U.S. We own multiple stations within the same Nielsen-designated market area in 10 major markets, including New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. The stations broadcast news, public affairs, sports and other programming to serve their local markets. Local versions of CBS News Streaming offer local news from certain of our owned stations.
International Free-to-Air Networks.  We operate a number of free-to-air networks around the world: Network 10 in Australia whose brands include 10, 10 Bold, 10 Peach, 10 Shake and 10 Play; Channel 5, a public service broadcaster in the U.K. whose brands include 5, 5 Action, 5 Select, 5Star, 5USA, Milkshake and My5; Telefe in Argentina whose brands include Telefe Noticias, Mi Telefe, Telefe Internacional, tlfesports, Telefe Channels on Pluto TV and Mitelefe; and Chilevisión in Chile whose brands include Chilevisión Noticias, CHV and Chilevisión Channels on Pluto TV.
Cable
Paramount Media Networks.  Paramount Media Networks connects with global audiences through its iconic brands ― CMT, a country music and lifestyle channel; Comedy Central, a comedy-focused brand that includes stand-up specials, sketch shows, adult animation and late-night programming; Logo, a network dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment programming for LGBTQ+ audiences; MTV, a storied youth entertainment brand home to notable franchises and live events such as the MTV Video Music Awards; Paramount Network, a premium entertainment destination and home to Yellowstone; Pop TV, a pop culture-focused channel; SHOWTIME, which offers premium original scripted and unscripted series, movies, documentaries and docuseries, sports, comedy and special events; The Smithsonian Channel, home of popular genres such as air and space, travel, history, science, nature and culture; and TV Land, a destination for consumers in their 30s and 40s.
Nickelodeon.  Nickelodeon is an entertainment brand for kids and families that features original and licensed series across animation, live-action and preschool genres. Nickelodeon brands include Nick Jr., Nick at Nite, TeenNick, Nicktoons and Nick Music. Nickelodeon is a key part of our global consumer products business and also licenses its brands for recreation and other location-based experiences such as hotels and theme parks.
                                                
BET Media Group.  BET Media Group provides premium entertainment, music, news, digital and public affairs content for Black audiences. BET Media Group serves as a destination for Black expression as well as a gathering place for Black creators, talent and communities. BET Media Group’s multiplatform extensions include BET Studios, a studio venture that offers equity ownership to Black content creators; BET Digital; BET Her, a network focused on Black women; BET Music Networks; BET Home Entertainment; BET Live, BET’s events and experience business, which include the BET Awards; BET International; and VH1, a multicultural pop culture destination.
CBS Sports Network.  The CBS Sports Network is CBS Sports’ 24-hour cable channel that provides a diverse slate of sports and related content. The network televises live professional, amateur and college events, including Division I college football, basketball, hockey and lacrosse, and certain domestic and international soccer games. In addition, the network showcases a variety of original programming, including documentaries, features and studio shows. CBS Sports Network also provides ancillary coverage for CBS Sports relating to major events, such as the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament, the Masters and the PGA Championship.
Studios
Our studios produce content across broadcast, cable and streaming in the U.S. and internationally. Our studios include CBS Studios, which maintains an extensive library of intellectual property, including global franchises such as the Star Trek universe, and produces late night and daytime talk shows; MTV Entertainment Studios, which produces television series and films and MTV Documentary Films; and Paramount Television Studios, which produces a range of television content.
CBS Media Ventures (“CMV”) produces and distributes original series programming across various dayparts and genres, including talk shows, court shows, game shows and newsmagazines, which are licensed on a market-by-market basis to television stations for local broadcast television and streaming. CMV engages in national advertising and integrated marketing sales for the programming it distributes, as well as serving as the national advertising sales agent for other major syndicators.
para-20221231_g2.jpg
Direct-to-Consumer
Our Direct-to-Consumer segment includes our domestic and international portfolio of pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime Networks’ subscription streaming service (“SHOWTIME OTT”), BET+ and Noggin. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. Direct-to-Consumer’s revenues are comprised of advertising and subscription revenues generated by our streaming services. In 2022, advertising and subscriptions generated approximately 31% and 69%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16%, 12% and 7% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount+.  Paramount+, our global on-demand and live subscription streaming service, combines live sports, news and entertainment content. Paramount+ features an expansive catalogue of original series, shows and popular movies across every genre from our brands and production studios and from third parties. Domestically, Paramount+ is home to livestreamed CBS Sports programming, including the NFL, NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball on CBS and the Masters. A destination for soccer fans, Paramount+ features select live and on-demand matches from a number of domestic and international leagues, including UEFA, Italy’s Serie A, the National
                                                
Women’s Soccer League and the Women’s Super League. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS Stations live across the U.S. in addition to CBS News Streaming and CBS Sports HQ. Paramount+ is available in two versions in the U.S.: Premium, an advertising-free offering (except during livestreamed and other limited content) that includes all the benefits of Paramount+ for a subscription fee; and Essential, an advertising-supported offering available for a lower fee that includes the NFL but not livestreamed local CBS Stations.
Pluto TV.  Pluto TV, our global FAST service, features a broad range of curated live linear channels and on-demand content. Categories cover a wide array of genres, including movies, television series, including classic television, sports, news and opinion, reality, crime, game shows, comedy, daytime TV, home, food, lifestyle & culture, gaming & anime, music, kids and local news. Pluto TV en español delivers Spanish-language channels reflecting the rich tapestry of the U.S. Hispanic community. Pluto TV can be accessed and streamed across connected television devices, mobile and the internet.
BET+.  BET+, a joint venture between BET and Tyler Perry Studios, is a subscription streaming service in the U.S. focused on Black audiences, featuring movies, television, stand-up comedy, award shows and specials. BET+ is home to exclusive original content from leading Black creators.
SHOWTIME OTT.  SHOWTIME OTT is Showtime Networks’ premium subscription streaming service in the U.S. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023.
Noggin.  Noggin is Nickelodeon’s direct-to-consumer learning platform with an extensive library of interactive learning games, videos and books and advertising-free episodes of popular preschool series. Developed by education experts, Noggin delivers an adaptive learning experience that fosters curiosity and is designed to build early math, literacy and social and emotional skills.
para-20221231_g3.jpg
Filmed Entertainment
Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, Awesomeness and Miramax. Filmed Entertainment produces and acquires films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment’s revenues are generated primarily from the release or distribution of films theatrically and the licensing of film and television content. In 2022, theatrical, licensing and other, and advertising revenues generated approximately 33%, 66% and 1%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13%, 9% and 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount Pictures.  A producer and global distributor of filmed entertainment since 1912, Paramount Pictures is an iconic brand with an extensive library of films, which include such classics as Titanic, Forrest Gump and The Godfather, and well-known franchises such as Mission: Impossible and Transformers.
Paramount Players.  Paramount Players focuses on creating genre films from distinct, contemporary voices and properties, as well as drawing from Paramount’s rich library of content. Paramount Players also produces films for initial release on Paramount+.
                                                
Paramount Animation.  Paramount Animation develops and produces franchise and original animated films, including drawing from the Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon libraries.
Nickelodeon Studio.  Nickelodeon Studio produces and distributes animated and live action series, films, made-for-television movies and short-form content for kids and families across multiple platforms worldwide.
Awesomeness.  Awesomeness creates content focused on the global Gen Z audience through its digital publishing, film and television studio divisions.
Miramax.  Miramax, a joint venture with beIN Media Group, is a global film and television studio with an extensive library of content. We have exclusive, long-term rights to distribute Miramax’s library, as well as certain rights to co-produce, co-finance and/or distribute new film and television projects.
Filmed Entertainment produces most of the films we release and also acquires films for distribution from third parties. In some cases, we co-finance and/or co-distribute films with third parties, including other studios. We also enter into film-specific and multipicture financing arrangements from time to time under which third parties participate in the financing of the costs of a film or group of films in exchange for an economic participation and a partial copyright interest.
We distribute films in various media worldwide or in select territories and may engage third-party distributors for certain films in certain territories. Domestically, we generally market and distribute our own theatrical and home entertainment releases. Internationally, we distribute theatrical releases through our international affiliates or, in territories where we have no operating presence, through United International Pictures, our joint venture with Universal Studios, or other third-party distributors. For home entertainment releases, DVD and Blu-ray discs are distributed internationally by local licensees. We also license films and television shows domestically and/or internationally to a variety of platforms.
Competition
We operate in highly competitive environments and compete for creative talent and intellectual property, as well as for audiences and distribution of our content.
We compete with a variety of media, technology and entertainment companies with substantial resources to produce, acquire and distribute content around the world, including broadcast and cable networks, streaming services, film and television studios, production groups, independent producers and syndicators, television stations and television station groups. We compete with other content creators for creative talent, including producers, directors, actors and writers, as well as for new content ideas and intellectual property and for the acquisition of popular programming.
We compete for audiences for our content with releases from other film studios, television producers and streaming services, as well as with other forms of entertainment and consumer spending outlets. We compete for audiences and advertising revenues primarily with other television networks; streaming services; social media; websites, apps and other online experiences; radio programming; and print media. Our businesses also face competition from the many other entertainment options available to consumers, including video games, sports, travel and outdoor recreation.
We face competition for distribution of our content. Our TV Media businesses compete for distribution of our program services (and receipt of related fees) with other television networks and programmers. We also compete with other broadcast networks to secure affiliations with independently owned television stations to ensure the effective distribution of network programming in the U.S. We also compete with studios and other producers of entertainment content for distribution on third-party platforms.
For additional information regarding competition, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry — We operate in highly competitive industries.”
                                                
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy
Our ESG strategy is centered on understanding and responding to our biggest risks and opportunities. We organize our ESG work into three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. On-Screen Content & Social Impact encompasses the opportunities and responsibilities we have to represent, inform and influence through our content and brands. Workforce & Culture includes our efforts to recruit and retain the best employees; treat employees, contractors and partners well; and foster an environment where everyone feels welcome and safe. Sustainable Production & Operations aims to address the environmental and social impacts of our operations and facilities. In 2022, we released our third ESG Report, which is available on our website and includes an update on the progress we have made in each focus area.
ESG Governance
Our ESG team oversees the day-to-day strategy and implementation of our ESG efforts under the leadership of a steering committee, comprised of senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. We also have multiple working groups dedicated to specific ESG topics made up of subject matter experts from across our brands and functional teams, which together with the steering committee constitute our ESG Council. Our ESG Council actively reviews and refines our ESG strategies and the ESG team regularly updates senior management, our Board of Directors and its Nominating and Governance Committee, which, pursuant to its charter, oversees and monitors significant issues impacting our culture and reputation, as well as our handling of ESG matters.
Human Capital Management
We work to create a culture that is welcoming and nurturing to all, and a workplace where our employees and talent feel supported, heard and understood, and have the opportunity to thrive. Our human capital management strategy is intended to address the areas described below, and additional information can be found in our ESG Report.
As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 24,500 full- and part-time employees in 37 countries worldwide and had approximately 5,800 project-based staff on our payroll. We also use temporary employees in the ordinary course of business.
A Culture of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We continue to cultivate a culture that reflects to our core values and is rooted in our dynamic and proactive approach to DEI through a range of partnerships, collaborations, programs and initiatives.
•Senior leaders from across the Company serve on a cross-functional council focused on inclusion, and many of our brands and functional teams maintain internal inclusivity councils to address DEI activities and challenges, including workforce pipeline development, external DEI-focused partnerships, and sponsorship and mentoring initiatives targeting underrepresented groups.
•We partner with diversity-focused institutions and professional associations both domestically and internationally that are committed to supporting, and post positions to diversity-centric job boards with organizations that support, women, BIPOC and LGBTQ+ individuals, military personnel and veterans and/or persons with disabilities to help attract, engage and retain diverse talent at all levels.
•We introduced a dedicated talent sourcing team focused on building diverse talent pipelines. We sponsor internal and external professional development programs and campus-to-career initiatives aimed at underrepresented groups.
                                                
•We also host an annual Global Inclusion Week, a companywide initiative featuring curated sessions designed to spark thoughtful dialogue on diversity, inclusion and belonging.
•We sponsor employee resource groups with chapters in locations worldwide.
•Our Chief Executive Officer is a signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge and we are a founding signatory for the Management Leadership for Tomorrow’s Black Equity at Work Certification Program.
Preventing Harassment and Discrimination
We remain committed to building a work environment free of harassment and discrimination and have taken significant actions as part of this commitment.
•Our Global Business Conduct Statement guides our approach to preventing harassment, discrimination, and any other behavior that creates a hostile workplace. It provides employees with clear examples of harassment and discrimination and guidance on how to create a safe and inclusive environment for all employees. We make annual trainings on sexual harassment, discrimination, and retaliation prevention available to all employees, as well as unconscious bias training and inclusive recruitment training for hiring managers.
•We require that employees report any incidents of harassment and discrimination and provide multiple reporting options, including an anonymous third-party-managed complaint and reporting hotline.
•Our centralized Employee Relations team oversees all investigations of complaints of discrimination, harassment and retaliation in all areas of the organization, including our own productions.
•We monitor employee diversity data trends by gender, ethnicity, and level, as well as self-reported metrics such as sexual orientation and disability inclusion, including to track the promotion rates of women and ethnically diverse employees and identify and address any patterns that might suggest discrimination or unconscious bias.
Employee Attraction, Retention and Training
We strive to create a high-performance culture, including investing in building outstanding managers and teams, strengthening employee development, and helping every team member live up to that team member’s full potential. Our training, mentoring and career mobility programs embody our culture of DEI as we recruit, retain and engage our employees.
•We offer a diverse and flexible range of learning opportunities for our employees, including expanded skill-building offerings, weekly courses for managers, multi-month leadership cohort experiences and customized team workshops.
•We provide tuition support programs for employees pursuing education and encourage employees to learn, develop and collaborate through mentoring programs.
•We offer comprehensive compensation and benefits, including health, life and disability insurance; matching retirement contributions; flexible paid time off; paid volunteer time; financial planning assistance; multiple wellness programs; bicycle commuter reimbursement; and parental, caregiving, bereavement and military leave benefits. In addition, we support families with a range of resources, including enhanced fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits, along with childcare and eldercare resources, and flexible work hours.
•In 2022, we launched our second global employee engagement survey to assess our efforts around employee engagement, inclusion and well-being. Senior leaders reviewed the survey results and instituted action plans to address feedback and opportunity areas.
                                                
Health, Safety and Security
The physical and mental well-being of our workers, including across our productions worldwide, remains a top priority. We strive to take a proactive and targeted approach to identifying and mitigating health, safety and security risks.
•Our cross-functional return-to-office task force created and executed a hybrid work plan focused on collaboration and flexibility. We also established new health offerings for certain locations to facilitate the transition, including the return of our Wellness Studio, offering exercise and training options.
•Production team members are required to attend daily safety meetings that serve as an overview of potential on-set safety hazards that day. We also require job- and event-specific safety training for employees where relevant.
•We strive to track and report safety, health and security incident data across the Company, implementing process changes and training as relevant.
•Our global security command center oversees security and emergency response efforts and undertakes risk scans to identify potential safety threats.
•We offer confidential mental health resources to support our employees and their families year-round and accessible mental health care and meditation programs to facilitate employee self-care.
Social Impact and Corporate Social Responsibility
We use our content and platforms to represent, explore and champion issues that align with our values and impact our viewers, including by exploring and raising awareness of issues such as social justice, climate change, mental health, and civic engagement. We drive our social impact through our content and with our partners in communities globally. Our commitment to social impact is not only exemplified by the content we produce, but also our community service projects, philanthropy and employee engagement efforts.
Content for Change
Content for Change, first launched by BET and then rolled out across the Company, is an initiative to use the power of storytelling to transform how we see ourselves and one another, and to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate in our society. The initiative is grounded in data-driven research in partnership with the University of Southern California’s Annenberg Inclusion Initiative and centered across three pillars — the content we produce, the creative supply chain that powers it and our culture.
SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change
In 2022, we launched SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change, a multi-year global ocean conservation and sustainability initiative. Through partnerships with several non-profit organizations, Operation Sea Change aims to help remove and divert ocean plastic by funding global clean-up work, promoting sustainable products, and educating fans on how they can help protect the ocean.
Regulation
Our businesses and the intellectual property they create or acquire are subject to and affected by laws and regulations of U.S. federal, state and local governmental authorities, as well as laws and regulations of countries other than the U.S. and pan-national bodies such as the European Union (“E.U.”). The laws and regulations affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change, as are the protections that those laws and regulations afford us. The discussion below describes certain, but not all, laws and regulations affecting our businesses.
                                                
FCC and Similar Regulation
The FCC regulates broadcast television, some aspects of cable network programming, and certain programming delivered by internet protocol in the U.S., pursuant to U.S. federal law, including the Communications Act. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines, the imposition of reporting obligations, limited renewals of broadcast station licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license.
License Renewals and Transfers
Each of our owned television stations in the U.S. must be licensed by the FCC. Television broadcast licenses are typically granted for eight-year terms, and we must obtain renewals as they expire to continue operating our stations. The Communications Act requires the FCC to renew a broadcast license if the FCC finds that (1) the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; (2) with respect to the station, there have been no serious violations by the licensee of either the Communications Act or FCC regulations; and (3) there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. A station remains authorized to operate while its license renewal application is pending. In addition, the Communications Act requires prior FCC approval for the assignment of a license or transfer of control of an FCC licensee.
Broadcast Ownership Regulation
The Communications Act and FCC rules impose limits on local and national broadcast television station ownership in the U.S. The broadcast ownership rules discussed below are the most relevant to our U.S. operations.
Local Television Ownership
The FCC’s local television ownership rule generally prohibits common ownership of two full-power stations in a market unless at least one of the stations is not a top-four ranked station in the market based on audience share at the time of acquisition of the second station. However, the FCC may permit such common ownership if it finds such ownership would serve the public interest, convenience and necessity.
Dual Network Rule
The dual network rule prohibits any of the four major U.S. broadcast networks — ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC — from combining or being under common control.
Television National Audience Reach Limitation
Under the national television ownership rule, one party may not own television stations that reach more than 39% of all U.S. television households. For purposes of this rule, a UHF station is afforded a “discount” and is therefore attributed with reaching only 50% of the television households in its market. We currently own and operate television stations that reach approximately 38% of all U.S. television households, but we are attributed with reaching approximately 24% of all such households for purposes of the national ownership rule because of the discount.
Foreign Ownership
The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively owning more than 25% of our voting power or equity. FCC approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold. The FCC has approved foreign ownership levels of up to 100% in certain instances, following its review and approval of specific, named foreign individuals.
                                                
Cable and Satellite Carriage of Television Broadcast Stations
The Communications Act and FCC rules govern the retransmission of broadcast television stations by cable system operators, direct broadcast satellite operators, and other MVPDs in the U.S. Pursuant to these regulations, we have elected to negotiate with MVPDs for the right to carry our broadcast television stations via retransmission consent agreements. The Communications Act and FCC regulations require that broadcasters and some categories of MVPDs negotiate in good faith for retransmission consent. Some MVPDs have sought changes to federal law that would eliminate or otherwise limit the ability of broadcasters to obtain fair compensation for the grant of retransmission consent.
Program Regulation
The FCC also regulates the content of broadcast, cable network, and other video programming. The FCC prohibits broadcasters from airing obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC’s maximum forfeiture penalty per station for broadcasting indecent or profane programming is $479,945 per indecent or profane utterance or image, with a maximum forfeiture exposure of approximately $4.3 million for any continuing violation arising from a single act or failure to act. The FCC also monitors compliance with requirements that apply to broadcasters and cable networks relating to political advertising, identification of program sponsors, and the use and integrity of the Emergency Alert System. In addition, FCC regulations require the closed captioning of almost all broadcast and cable programming, as well as certain programming in the U.S. delivered by internet protocol. Broadcast television stations in certain markets that are affiliated with one of the four major U.S. broadcast networks must also provide a certain amount of programming every quarter that includes audio-narrated description of a program’s key visual elements that make the program accessible to blind and low-vision viewers.
Children’s Programming
Our business is subject to various regulations in the U.S. and abroad applicable to children’s programming. U.S. federal law and FCC rules limit the amount and content of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast television stations and cable networks during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger, and the FCC also limits the display of certain commercial website addresses during children’s programming. Moreover, each of our broadcast television stations in the U.S. is required to air, in general, three hours per week of programming specifically designed to meet the educational and informational programming needs of children 16 years of age and younger. In addition, some policymakers have sought limitations on food and beverage marketing in media popular with children and teens. For example, restrictions on the television advertising of foods high in fat, salt and sugar (“HFSS”) to children aged 15 and under have been in place in the U.K. since 2007. The U.K. government has announced its intention to impose a ban, effective in October 2025, on all HFSS advertising before 9:00 p.m. on television and a total ban online. Various laws with similar objectives have also been enacted in a number of jurisdictions, and pressure for their introduction elsewhere continues to be felt globally.
Broadcast Transmission Standard
FCC rules permit television broadcasters to voluntarily broadcast using the “Next Generation” broadcast television transmission standard developed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee, Inc., also called “ATSC 3.0.” Full-service television stations using the standard are subject to certain requirements, including the obligation to continue broadcasting a generally identical program stream in the current ATSC 1.0 broadcast standard. The ATSC 3.0 standard can be used to offer better picture quality and improved mobile broadcast viewing. A television station converting to ATSC 3.0 operation will incur significant costs in equipment purchases and upgrades. In addition, consumers may be required to obtain new television sets or other equipment that are capable of receiving ATSC 3.0 broadcasts. We are participating in ATSC 3.0 partnerships with other broadcasters and may enter into additional partnerships in the future.
                                                
International Free-to-Air Regulations
Our international free-to-air networks are subject to the rules and regulations of a number of foreign regulators, including the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) in Australia; the Office of Communications (Ofcom) in the U.K.; Ente Nacional de Comunicaciones (ENACOM) in Argentina; and the Consejo Nacional de Televisión (CNTV) in Chile.
Global Data Protection Laws and Children’s Privacy Laws
We are subject to a number of data protection and privacy laws in many of the jurisdictions in which operate, including laws in a number of different U.S. states and the European Union. These laws impact, or may impact, the way we collect, process and transfer personal data. We are also subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions that are specifically intended to protect the interests of children, including the privacy of minors online. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Business Continuity, Cybersecurity and Privacy and Data Protection — We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection.”
Intellectual Property
We are fundamentally a content company, and the trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws that protect our brands and content are extremely important to us. It is our practice to protect our brands, content and related intellectual property. Notwithstanding these efforts and the many legal protections that exist to combat piracy, the infringement of our intellectual property rights presents a significant challenge to our industry. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Intellectual Property — Infringement of our content reduces revenue received from the distribution of our programming, films, books, interactive games and other entertainment content.”
Our Executive Officers
Our executive officers as of the date hereof are as follows:
								
Name	Age	Position
Robert M. Bakish	59	President and Chief Executive Officer, Director
Naveen Chopra	49	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Christa A. D’Alimonte	54	Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Doretha (DeDe) Lea	58	Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations
Julia Phelps	45	Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer
Nancy Phillips	55	Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer
Robert M. Bakish has been our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since December 2019. Mr. Bakish served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of Viacom from December 2016 to December 2019, having served as Acting President and Chief Executive Officer beginning earlier in 2016. Mr. Bakish joined Viacom’s predecessor in 1997 and held positions throughout the organization, including as President and Chief Executive Officer of Viacom International Media Networks and its predecessor company, MTV Networks International, from 2007 to 2016; Executive Vice President, Operations and Viacom Enterprises; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, MTV Networks Advertising Sales; and Senior Vice President, Planning, Development and Technology. Before joining Viacom’s predecessor, Mr. Bakish was a partner with Booz Allen Hamilton in its Media and Entertainment practice. Mr. Bakish has served as a director of Avid Technology, Inc. since 2009.
                                                
Naveen Chopra has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Amazon Devices & Services, beginning in 2019. Prior to joining Amazon Devices & Services, Mr. Chopra served as Chief Financial Officer of Pandora Media from 2017 to 2019 and as its Interim Chief Executive Officer during part of this time, having previously served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of TiVo Inc. in 2016 and as its Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2016.
Christa A. D’Alimonte has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary beginning in 2012. Prior to joining Viacom, Ms. D’Alimonte was a partner of Shearman & Sterling LLP, where she was Deputy Practice Group Leader of the firm’s Global Mergers & Acquisitions group. She first joined Shearman & Sterling in 1993 and became a partner in 2001.
Doretha (DeDe) Lea has been our Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Global Government Affairs of Viacom beginning in 2013, having previously served as Executive Vice President, Government Relations of Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 2005. Prior to that, Ms. Lea served in various government relations positions at Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 1997, with the exception of 2004 to 2005, when she served as Vice President of Government Affairs at Belo Corp. Prior to joining Viacom’s predecessor, she was Senior Vice President of Government Relations at the National Association of Broadcasters.
Julia Phelps has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Communications, Culture and Marketing of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Communications and Culture of Viacom beginning earlier in 2017. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President of Communications for Viacom International Media Networks beginning in 2012, after having served as Vice President of Corporate Communications for Viacom. Ms. Phelps joined Viacom’s predecessor in 2005 from DeVries Public Relations.
Nancy Phillips has been our Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer since December 2019. Prior to joining the Company, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Nielsen Holdings PLC beginning in 2017, having served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Broadcom Corporation from 2014 to 2016. From 2010 to 2014, Ms. Phillips was Senior Vice President, Human Resources for the Imaging and Printing Group at Hewlett-Packard Company, and previously served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Enterprise Services. From 2008 to 2010, Ms. Phillips served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp. Prior to that, Ms. Phillips spent 11 years at General Electric Company, holding various human resources positions. Ms. Phillips practiced law from 1993 to 1997.
Available Information
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be available free of charge on our website at paramount.com (under Investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed with the SEC. These documents are also available on the SEC’s website at sec.gov.
We announce material financial information through SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts on our website at paramount.com (under Investors). We may use any of these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with investors about our Company. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.
                                                
					

What would you like to know?
show me paramount's risks
Here is the information about risk factors. I have also written the information to the output file!




If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.


Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across the jurisdictions where we provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in newer or less penetrated countries. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, and streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, as well as user-generated content, and more broadly other sources of entertainment that our members could choose in their moments of free time.
Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, a preference for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Membership growth is also impacted by seasonality, with the fourth quarter historically representing our greatest growth, as well as the timing of our content release schedules. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per membership) revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected.

If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly, our revenue, including revenue per paying membership, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have recently expanded our entertainment video offering to include games. If our efforts to develop and offer games are not valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we are expanding our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new products and services to help drive growth, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself. For example, we introduced a new, lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan. Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenues per paying membership, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture
meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers are increasing their streaming video offerings. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative artificial intelligence, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies, our ability to compete effectively and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series, documentaries, feature films and games. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content, including through acquisitions such as Scanline and Animal Logic. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our new ad-supported subscription plan, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content production, including games, and introduce new features, such as live programming and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to
manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks. To the extent the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming content providers. In many instances, our agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix service or otherwise offers services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, for example through multi-service discovery interfaces, our service may be adversely impacted. We intend to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream TV series and films and offer games to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted.
Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices, or may lead to us to stop supporting the delivery of our service on certain legacy devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
We are subject to payment processing risk.
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are increasingly looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular those related to broadcast media and tax. For example, European law enables individual member states to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators located outside their jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory obligations on us. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting net neutrality or requiring payment of network access fees, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their networks have been implemented in many countries, including across the European Union. In others, the laws may be nascent or non-existent. Furthermore, favorable laws may change, including for example, in the United States where net neutrality regulations were repealed. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content, patent infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We also receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities, and we may become subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
Our advertising offering is new and subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business.

We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is subject to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including:
•our ability to attract and retain advertisers;
•fluctuations in memberships, including those selecting the ad-supported subscription plan, and member engagement;
•the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members;
•our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend;
•the impact of seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in advertising spend, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions;
•the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;
•changes in the way advertising on devices, connected TVs or on personal computers is measured or priced;
•adverse legal developments relating to advertising or measurement tools;
•changes in third-party policies, which may negatively impact the ability to measure, deliver and select ads to be served;
•regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information and other privacy considerations, including regulations related to ad targeting and measurement tools;
•any liability or reputational harm from advertisements shown on our service;
•our relationship with third-party service providers for the management, operation, sale and technology to support advertisements on our service;
•our ability to develop and expand an advertising sales organization team;
•our ability to develop the technology and related infrastructure to support advertising;
•the impact of our content and reputation on advertisers’ willingness to spend with us; and
•any member dissatisfaction due to advertisements.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us, including necessary distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such rights vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they may be unwilling to provide us with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions and other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other interests in intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. Additionally, as the market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for CMOs in the remuneration of authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater distribution expenses in certain markets.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings or other legal actions. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright, and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes, our content, and marketing activities.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products, experiences, and marketing assets based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. From time to time, third parties allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. In addition, the use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims, and the availability of copyright and other intellectual property protection for AI-generated material is uncertain. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. We may also have to remove content from our service, or remove consumer products or marketing materials from the marketplace. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content, merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
Risks Related to Information Technology
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss, telecommunications failures, cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well as misconfigurations in information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions or errors. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property. We and many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which may increase our exposure to vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors, partners, or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we (and/or third parties we use) have been and may continue to be a particularly attractive target for such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital content assets. However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business. There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on our service or systems in the future. We do not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV series, documentaries and feature films and offer games in high volume to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud” computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”). To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our CDN or charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly,
including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Any harm to our members’ devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.
Risks Related to Privacy
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and disclosure of member personal information could adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition, merchandising our service to our members and our ad-supported subscription plan, we collect and utilize information supplied by our members, which may include personal information and other data. We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing information. This personal information is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. Despite these measures and technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to remain or become members. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data
breach. We also maintain personal information concerning our employees, as well as personal information of others working on our productions. Should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ or employees’ personal information and/or production personal information occur, our business could be adversely affected and our larger reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Liquidity
The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
In connection with licensing streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers. We also enter into multi-year commitments for content that we produce, either directly or through third parties, including elements associated with these productions such as non-cancelable commitments under talent agreements. The payment terms of these agreements are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership base (“fixed cost”) but may be determined by costs of production or tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical exhibition receipts. Such commitments, to the extent estimable under accounting standards, are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if business performance does not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. Further, we may be unable to react to any reduction in our cash flows from operations, including those caused by a downturn in the economy, by reducing our streaming content obligations in the near-term. Payment terms for certain content commitments, such as content we directly produce, will typically require more up-front cash payments than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not fund the production of such content. To the extent membership and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of content commitments and accelerated payment requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. If we license and/or produce content that is not favorably received by consumers in a territory, or is unable to be shown in a territory, acquisition and retention may be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offerings quickly and our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. For several years prior to 2020, our cash flows from operations were negative and to the extent that it becomes negative in the future we may need to seek additional capital. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. Rising interest rates or any disruption in the capital markets could make it more difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital or refinance our existing indebtedness. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any large equity or equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations. Moreover, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future and incur other obligations, including additional streaming content obligations. Our ability to make payments on our debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. If the financial markets become difficult or costly to access, including due to rising interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or other changes in economic conditions, our ability to raise additional capital may be negatively impacted, and any refinancing or restructuring could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. As of December 31, 2023, we had the equivalent of $14.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”), some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we have entered into a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we
have not borrowed any amount under this revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately $7.0 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such amount does not include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the amounts of which are significant. For more information on our streaming content obligations, including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may:
•make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on our Notes and our other obligations;
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•increase our cost of borrowing;
•limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments and pay our other obligations when due;
•limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and
•increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.
Risks Related to International Operations
We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations.
Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to economic, political, regulatory and other risks that may be different from or incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
•the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences;
•difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;
•political or social unrest, global hostilities, and economic instability;
•compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;
•difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions, including local ownership requirements for streaming content providers;
•regulatory requirements or government action against our service, whether in response to enforcement of actual or purported legal and regulatory requirements or otherwise, that results in disruption or non-availability of our service or particular content or increased operating costs in the applicable jurisdiction;
•foreign intellectual property laws, such as the EU copyright directive, or changes to such laws, among other issues, may impact the economics of creating or distributing content, anti-piracy efforts, or our ability to protect or exploit intellectual property rights;
•adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their interpretations, and the related application of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities or other tax liabilities given the ultimate tax determination is uncertain;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which have and may continue to impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and while we use derivative instruments to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, the use of such hedging activities may not be effective in offsetting an adverse financial impact and may introduce or heighten counterparty risk;
•rates of inflation;
•profit repatriation, currency control regulations and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;
•differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards;
•new and different sources of competition;
•censorship requirements that cause us to remove or edit popular content, leading to consumer disappointment, brand tarnishment or dissatisfaction with our service;
•low usage and/or penetration of internet-connected consumer electronic devices;
•different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws, including data localization and/or restrictions on data export, and local ownership requirements;
•availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion;
•differing laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy;
•negative impacts from trade disputes; and
•implementation of regulations designed to stimulate the local production of film and TV series in order to promote and preserve local culture and economic activity, including local content quotas, investment obligations, and levies to support local film funds. For example, the European Union revised its Audio Visual Media Services Directive in 2018 to require that European works comprise at least thirty percent (30%) of media service providers’ catalogs, and to require prominence of those works.

These and other factors may cause us to adjust our business plans, including expanding or ceasing certain operations in certain countries, and the execution of our strategies. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations.
We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred taxes and other tax liabilities and receivables, and in evaluating our tax positions and other tax attributes on a worldwide basis. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the IRS, state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Tax laws are regularly being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business. If U.S. or other tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Risks Related to Human Resources
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain and improve our company culture may adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, our Executive Chairman, Reed Hastings, members of our executive team and other key employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical, creative and other personnel. If we experience high executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to implement succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or maintaining and improving our culture as we grow, our operations may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements in the motion picture industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. Expiring collective bargaining agreements may be renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us. If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. For example, the Writers Guild (“WGA”) and Screen Actors Guild (“SAG-AFTRA”) collective bargaining
agreements expired in 2023, and WGA members and the SAG-AFTRA members went on strike in May 2023 and July 2023, respectively. Collective bargaining agreements with the I.A.T.S.E. representing technicians and “behind the camera” crews as well as contracts with Teamster unions expire in mid-2024. The WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes as well as the recent resurgence of organized labor in the United States may lead those workers to strike. Such work stoppages have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members. Such actions, as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide new content to our members could likewise be delayed or dropped.
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable, although we have announced plans to modify some of these provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
•authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
•provide for a classified board of directors until our annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025;
•prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
•establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues, operating income, net income, net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow;
•variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;
•announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others;
•competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
•market volatility in general;
•the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock;
•the impact of our current stock repurchase program and any future stock repurchase program we may adopt;
•the operating results of our competitors; and
•other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.
As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price.
Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources.
Preparing and forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, operating margins, net income and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Also, predicting consumer adoption of various pricing strategies, such as the ad-supported subscription plan or efforts to limit multi-household usage, and new revenue streams, such as advertising revenue, is inherently difficult given the lack of operating history with respect to such offerings, and actual results may differ significantly from the expectations of our management, securities analysts or investors. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We base such estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, but actual results may differ from these estimates. For example, we estimate the content amortization pattern, beginning with the month of first availability, of any particular licensed or produced television series, documentary or feature film based upon various factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization would be changed and could affect the timing or recognition of content amortization. If we revise such estimates it could result in greater in-period expenses, which could cause us to miss our earnings guidance or negatively impact the results we report which could negatively impact our stock price. Further, events outside of our control may cause actual results to differ from our forecast.

PART I
					
Item 1.
	
Business.
Overview
We are a leading global media, streaming and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic consumer brands, our portfolio includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+ and Pluto TV. We hold one of the industry’s most extensive libraries of television and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, we also provide powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions.
Our strategy is grounded in three key strengths: (1) our broad range of popular content; (2) our multiplatform distribution model; and (3) our global operating reach. In 2022, we demonstrated the continued breadth and depth of our content capabilities across our distribution platforms — broadcast, including the leading network in the United States (the “U.S.”), CBS; a portfolio of cable networks that includes Nickelodeon, MTV and BET; a rapidly growing subscription streaming service, Paramount+; a leading free advertising-supported streaming television (“FAST”) service in the U.S., Pluto TV; and an iconic Hollywood studio, Paramount Pictures. Our global operating footprint includes content production capabilities across Latin America, the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”), Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific, cable networks in many key markets and deep commercial relationships with strategic partners around the world.
2022 was a notable year for us in streaming. Benefiting from a slate of original series, including Halo, 1883, 1923, Tulsa King, Criminal Minds: Evolution and SEAL Team, and original films, including Orphan: First Kill and Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe, our global streaming subscribers grew 38% year-over-year to 77.3 million and Paramount+ subscribers grew 70% year-over-year to 55.9 million. According to Antenna, Paramount+ is the number one premium streaming service in domestic sign-ups and gross subscriber additions since its launch in March 2021 through the end of 2022, and had the most sign-ups in 2022. In sports, we reached a six-year multiplatform U.S. media rights extension for the Union of European Football Associations (“UEFA”) Champions League. We also recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+
                                                
across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. In free, Pluto TV global monthly active users (MAUs) increased 22% year-over-year to 78.5 million.
Paramount Pictures released six films in 2022 that debuted at number one at the domestic box office — Scream, Jackass Forever, The Lost City, Sonic The Hedgehog 2, Top Gun: Maverick and Smile. These hits were led by Top Gun: Maverick, the fifth highest-grossing domestic movie of all time and first film to top the domestic box office on both Memorial Day and Labor Day. Following its theatrical run, the film has continued to draw big audiences in the U.S. digital home entertainment market and on Paramount+. Released in the fall, Smile became the highest-grossing horror film of the year worldwide.
CBS finished the 2021-2022 season as America’s number one broadcast network in primetime for the 14th consecutive season. In entertainment, CBS was number one across multiple genres — drama (NCIS); new comedy (Ghosts); primetime news series (60 Minutes); late night series (The Late Show with Stephen Colbert); and the number one daytime lineup for the 35th consecutive year. CBS Sports delivered its most-watched National Football League (the “NFL”) regular season in seven years, while Paramount+ had its most-streamed NFL regular season ever, recording double-digit year-over-year growth. Additionally, for the 14th consecutive year, CBS Sports maintained college football’s highest average viewership. Beginning next season, we will air Big Ten football and basketball games as part of a multiplatform agreement that extends through the end of the decade.
Our portfolio of cable networks attracted audiences through a broad range of shows, including the most watched original series in the U.S. across all of television, Yellowstone, and one of the world’s most popular preschool series, PAW Patrol. In 2022, adult cable series on our cable networks accounted for three of the top five and five of the top ten series among adults 18 to 34. Nickelodeon networks accounted for seven of the top ten cable series among kids two to 11 and returned to share growth for the first time in five years.
In 2022, we focused on expanding our global footprint and building key distribution partnerships with industry leaders including Sky, CANAL+ and Virgin Media. We launched Paramount+ in South Korea, the U.K., Ireland, Italy, France, Germany, Switzerland and Austria, and in the U.S., launched a first-of-its-kind partnership with Walmart to offer Paramount+ Essential to Walmart+ members. SkyShowtime, our streaming joint venture with Comcast, launched in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (the “Nordics”). Finally, we launched Pluto TV in Canada with Corus and in the Nordics with Viaplay Group.
We continued our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) in 2022. We hosted our fourth annual Global Inclusion Week, a week-long initiative featuring conversations, panels and workshops designed to ensure our workforce and culture reflect, celebrate and elevate the diversity of our audiences and communities. We also continued to advance Content for Change, a companywide initiative designed to use the power of our content, creative supply chain and culture to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate. We released our third Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report, and made progress on our ESG strategy and goals across our three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. We also hosted our 26th annual Community Day, a global day of community service focused on causes and issues that resonate with our employees and audiences.
We operate through the following segments:
•TV Media.  Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) domestic and international broadcast networks and owned television stations; (2) domestic and international extensions of our cable networks; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, and production and distribution of first-run syndicated programming. TV Media generated approximately 72% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
•Direct-to-Consumer.  Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of our portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
                                                
•Filmed Entertainment.  Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of our production and acquisition of films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13% of our consolidated revenues in 2022.
We were organized as a Delaware corporation in 1986. In December 2019, we changed our name to ViacomCBS Inc. in connection with the merger of Viacom Inc. (“Viacom”) and CBS Corporation (“CBS”) (the “Merger”). In February 2022, we changed our name to Paramount Global. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to “Paramount,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Paramount Global and its consolidated subsidiaries, to “CBS” mean CBS and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger and to “Viacom” mean Viacom and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Merger.
Our principal offices are located at 1515 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Our telephone number is (212) 258-6000 and our website is paramount.com. Information included on or accessible through our website is not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.
We have two classes of common stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (together, our “Common Stock”), both of which are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, under the ticker symbols “PARAA” and “PARA,” respectively. Owners of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Shares of our Class B Common Stock do not have voting rights. As of December 31, 2022, National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”), a closely held corporation that owns and operates movie screens in the U.S., the U.K. and South America, directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting Class A Common Stock, representing approximately 9.8% of our Common Stock. NAI is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Our Segments
para-20221231_g1.jpg
TV Media
Our TV Media segment consists of our (1) broadcast operations — the CBS Television Network, our domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, our owned television stations; and our international free-to-air networks, Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe and Chilevisión; (2) domestic premium and basic cable networks, including Paramount Media Networks, Nickelodeon, BET Media Group and CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of certain of these brands; and (3) domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios and MTV Entertainment Studios, as well as CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming. TV Media also includes a number of digital properties such as CBS News Streaming for 24-hour news and CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis.
TV Media’s revenues are generated principally from advertising; affiliate and subscription revenues principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) and third-party live television streaming services (“virtual MVPDs” or “vMVPDs”) for carriage of our cable networks (cable affiliate fees) and our owned television stations (retransmission fees), and fees received from television stations for their affiliation with the CBS Television Network (“reverse compensation”); and the licensing and distribution of our content and other rights. In 2022, advertising, affiliate and subscription, and licensing and other generated
                                                
approximately 43%, 38% and 19%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. TV Media generated approximately 72%, 80% and 83% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Broadcast
CBS Television Network.  The CBS Television Network (the “CBS Network”), through CBS Entertainment, CBS News and CBS Sports, distributes entertainment programming, news, public affairs programs and sports. CBS Network content also is available on the internet, including through: CBS.com, CBSNews.com, CBSSports.com and related apps; our streaming services, such as Paramount+, CBS News Streaming and Pluto TV; and MVPDs and vMVPDs. CBS Entertainment acquires or develops and schedules the programming on the CBS Network, which includes primetime comedies and dramas, reality, specials, kids’ programs, daytime dramas, game shows and late night. CBS News operates a worldwide news organization, providing the CBS Network, CBS News Radio and digital platforms with regularly scheduled news and public affairs programs. CBS Sports broadcasts on the CBS Network include certain regular season and playoff NFL games, including post-season American Football Conference wild card playoff, divisional playoff and championship games and, on a rotating basis with other networks, the Super Bowl; the National Collegiate Athletic Association’s (the “NCAA”) Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament and marquee regular-season college basketball games; regular-season college football games; the PGA TOUR, the Masters and the PGA Championship; and certain UEFA Champions League games.
CBS Stations.  CBS Stations consists of our 29 owned broadcast television stations, all of which operate under licenses granted by the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”). Licensees must seek to renew each license every eight years. Our stations are located in the six largest, and 15 of the top 20, television markets in the U.S. We own multiple stations within the same Nielsen-designated market area in 10 major markets, including New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. The stations broadcast news, public affairs, sports and other programming to serve their local markets. Local versions of CBS News Streaming offer local news from certain of our owned stations.
International Free-to-Air Networks.  We operate a number of free-to-air networks around the world: Network 10 in Australia whose brands include 10, 10 Bold, 10 Peach, 10 Shake and 10 Play; Channel 5, a public service broadcaster in the U.K. whose brands include 5, 5 Action, 5 Select, 5Star, 5USA, Milkshake and My5; Telefe in Argentina whose brands include Telefe Noticias, Mi Telefe, Telefe Internacional, tlfesports, Telefe Channels on Pluto TV and Mitelefe; and Chilevisión in Chile whose brands include Chilevisión Noticias, CHV and Chilevisión Channels on Pluto TV.
Cable
Paramount Media Networks.  Paramount Media Networks connects with global audiences through its iconic brands ― CMT, a country music and lifestyle channel; Comedy Central, a comedy-focused brand that includes stand-up specials, sketch shows, adult animation and late-night programming; Logo, a network dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment programming for LGBTQ+ audiences; MTV, a storied youth entertainment brand home to notable franchises and live events such as the MTV Video Music Awards; Paramount Network, a premium entertainment destination and home to Yellowstone; Pop TV, a pop culture-focused channel; SHOWTIME, which offers premium original scripted and unscripted series, movies, documentaries and docuseries, sports, comedy and special events; The Smithsonian Channel, home of popular genres such as air and space, travel, history, science, nature and culture; and TV Land, a destination for consumers in their 30s and 40s.
Nickelodeon.  Nickelodeon is an entertainment brand for kids and families that features original and licensed series across animation, live-action and preschool genres. Nickelodeon brands include Nick Jr., Nick at Nite, TeenNick, Nicktoons and Nick Music. Nickelodeon is a key part of our global consumer products business and also licenses its brands for recreation and other location-based experiences such as hotels and theme parks.
                                                
BET Media Group.  BET Media Group provides premium entertainment, music, news, digital and public affairs content for Black audiences. BET Media Group serves as a destination for Black expression as well as a gathering place for Black creators, talent and communities. BET Media Group’s multiplatform extensions include BET Studios, a studio venture that offers equity ownership to Black content creators; BET Digital; BET Her, a network focused on Black women; BET Music Networks; BET Home Entertainment; BET Live, BET’s events and experience business, which include the BET Awards; BET International; and VH1, a multicultural pop culture destination.
CBS Sports Network.  The CBS Sports Network is CBS Sports’ 24-hour cable channel that provides a diverse slate of sports and related content. The network televises live professional, amateur and college events, including Division I college football, basketball, hockey and lacrosse, and certain domestic and international soccer games. In addition, the network showcases a variety of original programming, including documentaries, features and studio shows. CBS Sports Network also provides ancillary coverage for CBS Sports relating to major events, such as the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament, the Masters and the PGA Championship.
Studios
Our studios produce content across broadcast, cable and streaming in the U.S. and internationally. Our studios include CBS Studios, which maintains an extensive library of intellectual property, including global franchises such as the Star Trek universe, and produces late night and daytime talk shows; MTV Entertainment Studios, which produces television series and films and MTV Documentary Films; and Paramount Television Studios, which produces a range of television content.
CBS Media Ventures (“CMV”) produces and distributes original series programming across various dayparts and genres, including talk shows, court shows, game shows and newsmagazines, which are licensed on a market-by-market basis to television stations for local broadcast television and streaming. CMV engages in national advertising and integrated marketing sales for the programming it distributes, as well as serving as the national advertising sales agent for other major syndicators.
para-20221231_g2.jpg
Direct-to-Consumer
Our Direct-to-Consumer segment includes our domestic and international portfolio of pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime Networks’ subscription streaming service (“SHOWTIME OTT”), BET+ and Noggin. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023. Direct-to-Consumer’s revenues are comprised of advertising and subscription revenues generated by our streaming services. In 2022, advertising and subscriptions generated approximately 31% and 69%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Direct-to-Consumer generated approximately 16%, 12% and 7% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount+.  Paramount+, our global on-demand and live subscription streaming service, combines live sports, news and entertainment content. Paramount+ features an expansive catalogue of original series, shows and popular movies across every genre from our brands and production studios and from third parties. Domestically, Paramount+ is home to livestreamed CBS Sports programming, including the NFL, NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball on CBS and the Masters. A destination for soccer fans, Paramount+ features select live and on-demand matches from a number of domestic and international leagues, including UEFA, Italy’s Serie A, the National
                                                
Women’s Soccer League and the Women’s Super League. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS Stations live across the U.S. in addition to CBS News Streaming and CBS Sports HQ. Paramount+ is available in two versions in the U.S.: Premium, an advertising-free offering (except during livestreamed and other limited content) that includes all the benefits of Paramount+ for a subscription fee; and Essential, an advertising-supported offering available for a lower fee that includes the NFL but not livestreamed local CBS Stations.
Pluto TV.  Pluto TV, our global FAST service, features a broad range of curated live linear channels and on-demand content. Categories cover a wide array of genres, including movies, television series, including classic television, sports, news and opinion, reality, crime, game shows, comedy, daytime TV, home, food, lifestyle & culture, gaming & anime, music, kids and local news. Pluto TV en español delivers Spanish-language channels reflecting the rich tapestry of the U.S. Hispanic community. Pluto TV can be accessed and streamed across connected television devices, mobile and the internet.
BET+.  BET+, a joint venture between BET and Tyler Perry Studios, is a subscription streaming service in the U.S. focused on Black audiences, featuring movies, television, stand-up comedy, award shows and specials. BET+ is home to exclusive original content from leading Black creators.
SHOWTIME OTT.  SHOWTIME OTT is Showtime Networks’ premium subscription streaming service in the U.S. We recently announced that we will be fully integrating SHOWTIME into Paramount+ across both streaming and linear platforms later in 2023.
Noggin.  Noggin is Nickelodeon’s direct-to-consumer learning platform with an extensive library of interactive learning games, videos and books and advertising-free episodes of popular preschool series. Developed by education experts, Noggin delivers an adaptive learning experience that fosters curiosity and is designed to build early math, literacy and social and emotional skills.
para-20221231_g3.jpg
Filmed Entertainment
Our Filmed Entertainment segment consists of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, Awesomeness and Miramax. Filmed Entertainment produces and acquires films, series and short-form content for release and licensing in media around the world, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, and through digital home entertainment and DVDs. Filmed Entertainment’s revenues are generated primarily from the release or distribution of films theatrically and the licensing of film and television content. In 2022, theatrical, licensing and other, and advertising revenues generated approximately 33%, 66% and 1%, respectively, of the segment’s total revenues. Filmed Entertainment generated approximately 13%, 9% and 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Paramount Pictures.  A producer and global distributor of filmed entertainment since 1912, Paramount Pictures is an iconic brand with an extensive library of films, which include such classics as Titanic, Forrest Gump and The Godfather, and well-known franchises such as Mission: Impossible and Transformers.
Paramount Players.  Paramount Players focuses on creating genre films from distinct, contemporary voices and properties, as well as drawing from Paramount’s rich library of content. Paramount Players also produces films for initial release on Paramount+.
                                                
Paramount Animation.  Paramount Animation develops and produces franchise and original animated films, including drawing from the Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon libraries.
Nickelodeon Studio.  Nickelodeon Studio produces and distributes animated and live action series, films, made-for-television movies and short-form content for kids and families across multiple platforms worldwide.
Awesomeness.  Awesomeness creates content focused on the global Gen Z audience through its digital publishing, film and television studio divisions.
Miramax.  Miramax, a joint venture with beIN Media Group, is a global film and television studio with an extensive library of content. We have exclusive, long-term rights to distribute Miramax’s library, as well as certain rights to co-produce, co-finance and/or distribute new film and television projects.
Filmed Entertainment produces most of the films we release and also acquires films for distribution from third parties. In some cases, we co-finance and/or co-distribute films with third parties, including other studios. We also enter into film-specific and multipicture financing arrangements from time to time under which third parties participate in the financing of the costs of a film or group of films in exchange for an economic participation and a partial copyright interest.
We distribute films in various media worldwide or in select territories and may engage third-party distributors for certain films in certain territories. Domestically, we generally market and distribute our own theatrical and home entertainment releases. Internationally, we distribute theatrical releases through our international affiliates or, in territories where we have no operating presence, through United International Pictures, our joint venture with Universal Studios, or other third-party distributors. For home entertainment releases, DVD and Blu-ray discs are distributed internationally by local licensees. We also license films and television shows domestically and/or internationally to a variety of platforms.
Competition
We operate in highly competitive environments and compete for creative talent and intellectual property, as well as for audiences and distribution of our content.
We compete with a variety of media, technology and entertainment companies with substantial resources to produce, acquire and distribute content around the world, including broadcast and cable networks, streaming services, film and television studios, production groups, independent producers and syndicators, television stations and television station groups. We compete with other content creators for creative talent, including producers, directors, actors and writers, as well as for new content ideas and intellectual property and for the acquisition of popular programming.
We compete for audiences for our content with releases from other film studios, television producers and streaming services, as well as with other forms of entertainment and consumer spending outlets. We compete for audiences and advertising revenues primarily with other television networks; streaming services; social media; websites, apps and other online experiences; radio programming; and print media. Our businesses also face competition from the many other entertainment options available to consumers, including video games, sports, travel and outdoor recreation.
We face competition for distribution of our content. Our TV Media businesses compete for distribution of our program services (and receipt of related fees) with other television networks and programmers. We also compete with other broadcast networks to secure affiliations with independently owned television stations to ensure the effective distribution of network programming in the U.S. We also compete with studios and other producers of entertainment content for distribution on third-party platforms.
For additional information regarding competition, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry — We operate in highly competitive industries.”
                                                
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy
Our ESG strategy is centered on understanding and responding to our biggest risks and opportunities. We organize our ESG work into three focus areas: (1) On-Screen Content & Social Impact, (2) Workforce & Culture and (3) Sustainable Production & Operations. On-Screen Content & Social Impact encompasses the opportunities and responsibilities we have to represent, inform and influence through our content and brands. Workforce & Culture includes our efforts to recruit and retain the best employees; treat employees, contractors and partners well; and foster an environment where everyone feels welcome and safe. Sustainable Production & Operations aims to address the environmental and social impacts of our operations and facilities. In 2022, we released our third ESG Report, which is available on our website and includes an update on the progress we have made in each focus area.
ESG Governance
Our ESG team oversees the day-to-day strategy and implementation of our ESG efforts under the leadership of a steering committee, comprised of senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. We also have multiple working groups dedicated to specific ESG topics made up of subject matter experts from across our brands and functional teams, which together with the steering committee constitute our ESG Council. Our ESG Council actively reviews and refines our ESG strategies and the ESG team regularly updates senior management, our Board of Directors and its Nominating and Governance Committee, which, pursuant to its charter, oversees and monitors significant issues impacting our culture and reputation, as well as our handling of ESG matters.
Human Capital Management
We work to create a culture that is welcoming and nurturing to all, and a workplace where our employees and talent feel supported, heard and understood, and have the opportunity to thrive. Our human capital management strategy is intended to address the areas described below, and additional information can be found in our ESG Report.
As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 24,500 full- and part-time employees in 37 countries worldwide and had approximately 5,800 project-based staff on our payroll. We also use temporary employees in the ordinary course of business.
A Culture of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We continue to cultivate a culture that reflects to our core values and is rooted in our dynamic and proactive approach to DEI through a range of partnerships, collaborations, programs and initiatives.
•Senior leaders from across the Company serve on a cross-functional council focused on inclusion, and many of our brands and functional teams maintain internal inclusivity councils to address DEI activities and challenges, including workforce pipeline development, external DEI-focused partnerships, and sponsorship and mentoring initiatives targeting underrepresented groups.
•We partner with diversity-focused institutions and professional associations both domestically and internationally that are committed to supporting, and post positions to diversity-centric job boards with organizations that support, women, BIPOC and LGBTQ+ individuals, military personnel and veterans and/or persons with disabilities to help attract, engage and retain diverse talent at all levels.
•We introduced a dedicated talent sourcing team focused on building diverse talent pipelines. We sponsor internal and external professional development programs and campus-to-career initiatives aimed at underrepresented groups.
                                                
•We also host an annual Global Inclusion Week, a companywide initiative featuring curated sessions designed to spark thoughtful dialogue on diversity, inclusion and belonging.
•We sponsor employee resource groups with chapters in locations worldwide.
•Our Chief Executive Officer is a signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge and we are a founding signatory for the Management Leadership for Tomorrow’s Black Equity at Work Certification Program.
Preventing Harassment and Discrimination
We remain committed to building a work environment free of harassment and discrimination and have taken significant actions as part of this commitment.
•Our Global Business Conduct Statement guides our approach to preventing harassment, discrimination, and any other behavior that creates a hostile workplace. It provides employees with clear examples of harassment and discrimination and guidance on how to create a safe and inclusive environment for all employees. We make annual trainings on sexual harassment, discrimination, and retaliation prevention available to all employees, as well as unconscious bias training and inclusive recruitment training for hiring managers.
•We require that employees report any incidents of harassment and discrimination and provide multiple reporting options, including an anonymous third-party-managed complaint and reporting hotline.
•Our centralized Employee Relations team oversees all investigations of complaints of discrimination, harassment and retaliation in all areas of the organization, including our own productions.
•We monitor employee diversity data trends by gender, ethnicity, and level, as well as self-reported metrics such as sexual orientation and disability inclusion, including to track the promotion rates of women and ethnically diverse employees and identify and address any patterns that might suggest discrimination or unconscious bias.
Employee Attraction, Retention and Training
We strive to create a high-performance culture, including investing in building outstanding managers and teams, strengthening employee development, and helping every team member live up to that team member’s full potential. Our training, mentoring and career mobility programs embody our culture of DEI as we recruit, retain and engage our employees.
•We offer a diverse and flexible range of learning opportunities for our employees, including expanded skill-building offerings, weekly courses for managers, multi-month leadership cohort experiences and customized team workshops.
•We provide tuition support programs for employees pursuing education and encourage employees to learn, develop and collaborate through mentoring programs.
•We offer comprehensive compensation and benefits, including health, life and disability insurance; matching retirement contributions; flexible paid time off; paid volunteer time; financial planning assistance; multiple wellness programs; bicycle commuter reimbursement; and parental, caregiving, bereavement and military leave benefits. In addition, we support families with a range of resources, including enhanced fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits, along with childcare and eldercare resources, and flexible work hours.
•In 2022, we launched our second global employee engagement survey to assess our efforts around employee engagement, inclusion and well-being. Senior leaders reviewed the survey results and instituted action plans to address feedback and opportunity areas.
                                                
Health, Safety and Security
The physical and mental well-being of our workers, including across our productions worldwide, remains a top priority. We strive to take a proactive and targeted approach to identifying and mitigating health, safety and security risks.
•Our cross-functional return-to-office task force created and executed a hybrid work plan focused on collaboration and flexibility. We also established new health offerings for certain locations to facilitate the transition, including the return of our Wellness Studio, offering exercise and training options.
•Production team members are required to attend daily safety meetings that serve as an overview of potential on-set safety hazards that day. We also require job- and event-specific safety training for employees where relevant.
•We strive to track and report safety, health and security incident data across the Company, implementing process changes and training as relevant.
•Our global security command center oversees security and emergency response efforts and undertakes risk scans to identify potential safety threats.
•We offer confidential mental health resources to support our employees and their families year-round and accessible mental health care and meditation programs to facilitate employee self-care.
Social Impact and Corporate Social Responsibility
We use our content and platforms to represent, explore and champion issues that align with our values and impact our viewers, including by exploring and raising awareness of issues such as social justice, climate change, mental health, and civic engagement. We drive our social impact through our content and with our partners in communities globally. Our commitment to social impact is not only exemplified by the content we produce, but also our community service projects, philanthropy and employee engagement efforts.
Content for Change
Content for Change, first launched by BET and then rolled out across the Company, is an initiative to use the power of storytelling to transform how we see ourselves and one another, and to counteract bias, stereotypes and hate in our society. The initiative is grounded in data-driven research in partnership with the University of Southern California’s Annenberg Inclusion Initiative and centered across three pillars — the content we produce, the creative supply chain that powers it and our culture.
SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change
In 2022, we launched SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Sea Change, a multi-year global ocean conservation and sustainability initiative. Through partnerships with several non-profit organizations, Operation Sea Change aims to help remove and divert ocean plastic by funding global clean-up work, promoting sustainable products, and educating fans on how they can help protect the ocean.
Regulation
Our businesses and the intellectual property they create or acquire are subject to and affected by laws and regulations of U.S. federal, state and local governmental authorities, as well as laws and regulations of countries other than the U.S. and pan-national bodies such as the European Union (“E.U.”). The laws and regulations affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change, as are the protections that those laws and regulations afford us. The discussion below describes certain, but not all, laws and regulations affecting our businesses.
                                                
FCC and Similar Regulation
The FCC regulates broadcast television, some aspects of cable network programming, and certain programming delivered by internet protocol in the U.S., pursuant to U.S. federal law, including the Communications Act. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines, the imposition of reporting obligations, limited renewals of broadcast station licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license.
License Renewals and Transfers
Each of our owned television stations in the U.S. must be licensed by the FCC. Television broadcast licenses are typically granted for eight-year terms, and we must obtain renewals as they expire to continue operating our stations. The Communications Act requires the FCC to renew a broadcast license if the FCC finds that (1) the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; (2) with respect to the station, there have been no serious violations by the licensee of either the Communications Act or FCC regulations; and (3) there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. A station remains authorized to operate while its license renewal application is pending. In addition, the Communications Act requires prior FCC approval for the assignment of a license or transfer of control of an FCC licensee.
Broadcast Ownership Regulation
The Communications Act and FCC rules impose limits on local and national broadcast television station ownership in the U.S. The broadcast ownership rules discussed below are the most relevant to our U.S. operations.
Local Television Ownership
The FCC’s local television ownership rule generally prohibits common ownership of two full-power stations in a market unless at least one of the stations is not a top-four ranked station in the market based on audience share at the time of acquisition of the second station. However, the FCC may permit such common ownership if it finds such ownership would serve the public interest, convenience and necessity.
Dual Network Rule
The dual network rule prohibits any of the four major U.S. broadcast networks — ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC — from combining or being under common control.
Television National Audience Reach Limitation
Under the national television ownership rule, one party may not own television stations that reach more than 39% of all U.S. television households. For purposes of this rule, a UHF station is afforded a “discount” and is therefore attributed with reaching only 50% of the television households in its market. We currently own and operate television stations that reach approximately 38% of all U.S. television households, but we are attributed with reaching approximately 24% of all such households for purposes of the national ownership rule because of the discount.
Foreign Ownership
The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively owning more than 25% of our voting power or equity. FCC approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold. The FCC has approved foreign ownership levels of up to 100% in certain instances, following its review and approval of specific, named foreign individuals.
                                                
Cable and Satellite Carriage of Television Broadcast Stations
The Communications Act and FCC rules govern the retransmission of broadcast television stations by cable system operators, direct broadcast satellite operators, and other MVPDs in the U.S. Pursuant to these regulations, we have elected to negotiate with MVPDs for the right to carry our broadcast television stations via retransmission consent agreements. The Communications Act and FCC regulations require that broadcasters and some categories of MVPDs negotiate in good faith for retransmission consent. Some MVPDs have sought changes to federal law that would eliminate or otherwise limit the ability of broadcasters to obtain fair compensation for the grant of retransmission consent.
Program Regulation
The FCC also regulates the content of broadcast, cable network, and other video programming. The FCC prohibits broadcasters from airing obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC’s maximum forfeiture penalty per station for broadcasting indecent or profane programming is $479,945 per indecent or profane utterance or image, with a maximum forfeiture exposure of approximately $4.3 million for any continuing violation arising from a single act or failure to act. The FCC also monitors compliance with requirements that apply to broadcasters and cable networks relating to political advertising, identification of program sponsors, and the use and integrity of the Emergency Alert System. In addition, FCC regulations require the closed captioning of almost all broadcast and cable programming, as well as certain programming in the U.S. delivered by internet protocol. Broadcast television stations in certain markets that are affiliated with one of the four major U.S. broadcast networks must also provide a certain amount of programming every quarter that includes audio-narrated description of a program’s key visual elements that make the program accessible to blind and low-vision viewers.
Children’s Programming
Our business is subject to various regulations in the U.S. and abroad applicable to children’s programming. U.S. federal law and FCC rules limit the amount and content of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast television stations and cable networks during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger, and the FCC also limits the display of certain commercial website addresses during children’s programming. Moreover, each of our broadcast television stations in the U.S. is required to air, in general, three hours per week of programming specifically designed to meet the educational and informational programming needs of children 16 years of age and younger. In addition, some policymakers have sought limitations on food and beverage marketing in media popular with children and teens. For example, restrictions on the television advertising of foods high in fat, salt and sugar (“HFSS”) to children aged 15 and under have been in place in the U.K. since 2007. The U.K. government has announced its intention to impose a ban, effective in October 2025, on all HFSS advertising before 9:00 p.m. on television and a total ban online. Various laws with similar objectives have also been enacted in a number of jurisdictions, and pressure for their introduction elsewhere continues to be felt globally.
Broadcast Transmission Standard
FCC rules permit television broadcasters to voluntarily broadcast using the “Next Generation” broadcast television transmission standard developed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee, Inc., also called “ATSC 3.0.” Full-service television stations using the standard are subject to certain requirements, including the obligation to continue broadcasting a generally identical program stream in the current ATSC 1.0 broadcast standard. The ATSC 3.0 standard can be used to offer better picture quality and improved mobile broadcast viewing. A television station converting to ATSC 3.0 operation will incur significant costs in equipment purchases and upgrades. In addition, consumers may be required to obtain new television sets or other equipment that are capable of receiving ATSC 3.0 broadcasts. We are participating in ATSC 3.0 partnerships with other broadcasters and may enter into additional partnerships in the future.
                                                
International Free-to-Air Regulations
Our international free-to-air networks are subject to the rules and regulations of a number of foreign regulators, including the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) in Australia; the Office of Communications (Ofcom) in the U.K.; Ente Nacional de Comunicaciones (ENACOM) in Argentina; and the Consejo Nacional de Televisión (CNTV) in Chile.
Global Data Protection Laws and Children’s Privacy Laws
We are subject to a number of data protection and privacy laws in many of the jurisdictions in which operate, including laws in a number of different U.S. states and the European Union. These laws impact, or may impact, the way we collect, process and transfer personal data. We are also subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions that are specifically intended to protect the interests of children, including the privacy of minors online. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Business Continuity, Cybersecurity and Privacy and Data Protection — We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection.”
Intellectual Property
We are fundamentally a content company, and the trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws that protect our brands and content are extremely important to us. It is our practice to protect our brands, content and related intellectual property. Notwithstanding these efforts and the many legal protections that exist to combat piracy, the infringement of our intellectual property rights presents a significant challenge to our industry. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Intellectual Property — Infringement of our content reduces revenue received from the distribution of our programming, films, books, interactive games and other entertainment content.”
Our Executive Officers
Our executive officers as of the date hereof are as follows:
								
Name	Age	Position
Robert M. Bakish	59	President and Chief Executive Officer, Director
Naveen Chopra	49	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Christa A. D’Alimonte	54	Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Doretha (DeDe) Lea	58	Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations
Julia Phelps	45	Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer
Nancy Phillips	55	Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer
Robert M. Bakish has been our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since December 2019. Mr. Bakish served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of Viacom from December 2016 to December 2019, having served as Acting President and Chief Executive Officer beginning earlier in 2016. Mr. Bakish joined Viacom’s predecessor in 1997 and held positions throughout the organization, including as President and Chief Executive Officer of Viacom International Media Networks and its predecessor company, MTV Networks International, from 2007 to 2016; Executive Vice President, Operations and Viacom Enterprises; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, MTV Networks Advertising Sales; and Senior Vice President, Planning, Development and Technology. Before joining Viacom’s predecessor, Mr. Bakish was a partner with Booz Allen Hamilton in its Media and Entertainment practice. Mr. Bakish has served as a director of Avid Technology, Inc. since 2009.
                                                
Naveen Chopra has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Amazon Devices & Services, beginning in 2019. Prior to joining Amazon Devices & Services, Mr. Chopra served as Chief Financial Officer of Pandora Media from 2017 to 2019 and as its Interim Chief Executive Officer during part of this time, having previously served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of TiVo Inc. in 2016 and as its Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2016.
Christa A. D’Alimonte has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary beginning in 2012. Prior to joining Viacom, Ms. D’Alimonte was a partner of Shearman & Sterling LLP, where she was Deputy Practice Group Leader of the firm’s Global Mergers & Acquisitions group. She first joined Shearman & Sterling in 1993 and became a partner in 2001.
Doretha (DeDe) Lea has been our Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Relations since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Global Government Affairs of Viacom beginning in 2013, having previously served as Executive Vice President, Government Relations of Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 2005. Prior to that, Ms. Lea served in various government relations positions at Viacom’s predecessor beginning in 1997, with the exception of 2004 to 2005, when she served as Vice President of Government Affairs at Belo Corp. Prior to joining Viacom’s predecessor, she was Senior Vice President of Government Relations at the National Association of Broadcasters.
Julia Phelps has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Corporate Marketing Officer since December 2019. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Communications, Culture and Marketing of Viacom beginning in 2017, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Communications and Culture of Viacom beginning earlier in 2017. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President of Communications for Viacom International Media Networks beginning in 2012, after having served as Vice President of Corporate Communications for Viacom. Ms. Phelps joined Viacom’s predecessor in 2005 from DeVries Public Relations.
Nancy Phillips has been our Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer since December 2019. Prior to joining the Company, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Nielsen Holdings PLC beginning in 2017, having served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Broadcom Corporation from 2014 to 2016. From 2010 to 2014, Ms. Phillips was Senior Vice President, Human Resources for the Imaging and Printing Group at Hewlett-Packard Company, and previously served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Enterprise Services. From 2008 to 2010, Ms. Phillips served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp. Prior to that, Ms. Phillips spent 11 years at General Electric Company, holding various human resources positions. Ms. Phillips practiced law from 1993 to 1997.
Available Information
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be available free of charge on our website at paramount.com (under Investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed with the SEC. These documents are also available on the SEC’s website at sec.gov.
We announce material financial information through SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts on our website at paramount.com (under Investors). We may use any of these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with investors about our Company. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.
                                                
					
Item 1A.
	
Risk Factors.
A wide range of risks may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, now and in the future. We consider the risks described below to be the most significant. There may be other currently unknown or unpredictable factors that could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry
If our streaming business is unsuccessful, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected
Streaming is intensely competitive and cash intensive and there can be no assurance our streaming business will be profitable or otherwise successful. Our ability to continue to attract, engage and retain streaming subscribers and active users (together, “users”), as well as generate the corresponding subscription and advertising revenues, depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently provide appealing and differentiated content that resonates globally, effectively market our content and services, and provide a quality experience for selecting and viewing that content. Our success will require significant investments to produce original content and acquire the rights to third-party content, including sports, as well as the establishment and maintenance of key content and distribution partnerships. If we are unable to manage costs or maintain such partnerships, we may fail to meet our profitability goals.
We must continually add new users, including through expansion into new markets and converting promotional subscribers, while also meaningfully engaging existing users with new and exciting content to manage “churn” and maximize our advertising and subscription revenues. If we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in attracting, engaging and retaining users, as well as creative talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. If consumers do not consider our streaming services to be of value compared to competing services, including because we fail to introduce compelling new content and features, do not maintain competitive pricing, terminate or modify promotional or trial period offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is unfavorably received, or because they experience technical issues or do not think that they use our streaming services sufficiently, we may not be able to attract, engage and retain users, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our advertising revenues have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by changes in consumer viewership, advertising market conditions and deficiencies in audience measurement
We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a decline in advertising revenues could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
The evolution of consumer preferences toward streaming and other digital services and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced content viewership through traditional linear distribution models, which has caused and may continue to cause ratings and viewer declines for our television networks. This evolution has also given rise to new ways of purchasing advertising, as well as a general shift in total advertising expenditures toward streaming and digital, some of which may not be as beneficial to us as traditional advertising methods. In addition, a number of other streaming services have introduced advertising-supported tiers, which creates competition for advertising expenditures for our own advertising-supported streaming services. There can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate the evolving streaming and digital advertising market or that the advertising revenues we generate in that market will replace the declines in advertising revenues generated from our traditional linear business.
The strength of the advertising market can fluctuate, reflecting factors that include general macroeconomic conditions as well as the economic prospects and spending priorities of specific advertisers or industries. Natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could also lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services,
                                                
uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for our content, the consumers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers.
Major sports events, such as the Super Bowl and the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament and state, congressional and presidential elections cycles may cause our advertising revenues to vary substantially from year to year. Political advertising expenditures are impacted by the ability and willingness of candidates and political action campaigns to raise and spend funds on advertising and the competitive nature of the elections affecting viewers in markets featuring our content.
Advertising sales are also largely dependent on audience measurement and could be negatively affected if measurement methodologies do not accurately reflect viewership levels. Nielsen’s statistical sampling method is the primary measurement technique used in our television advertising sales; however, it does not fully measure viewership across streaming and digital. We measure and monetize across our streaming services using census-based advertising-server data establishing the number of impressions served, combined with third-party data providing demographic composition estimates. Multiplatform campaign verification remains in its infancy and is still not measured by any one consistently applied method. While we expect innovation and standards around multiplatform measurement to benefit us as the advertising market continues to evolve, we are nevertheless partially dependent on third parties to deliver those solutions. Our ability to target and measure audiences is also limited by an increasing number of global laws and regulations.
We operate in highly competitive industries
We face substantial and increasing competition to attract creative talent, produce and acquire the rights to high-quality content, and for distribution on a variety of third-party platforms. Competition for talent, content, audiences, subscribers, service providers, production infrastructure, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from other television networks and stations, streaming services (including those that provide pirated content), social media, film studios and independent film producers and distributors, consumer products companies and other entertainment outlets and platforms, as well as from “second screen” applications. We also compete with additional entrants into the market for the production of original content.
These competitive pressures have increased, and may continue to increase. Accordingly, the prices we pay for talent and intellectual property rights have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant cost increases. We invest significant resources to produce, market and distribute original content. We also acquire content and ancillary rights and pay related rights fees, license fees, royalties and/or contingent compensation. We license various music rights from major record companies, music publishers and performing rights organizations. If these competitive pressures continue to increase, we may not be able to produce or acquire content in a cost-effective manner. We may be outbid by our competitors for the rights to new, popular content or in connection with the renewals of popular rights we currently hold. Accordingly, there can be no assurance we will realize anticipated returns on our investments.
Consolidation among our competitors and other market participants has increased, and may continue to increase, also resulting in increased competitive pressures. Our competitors include companies with interests in multiple media businesses that are often vertically integrated, as well as companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. Such competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, such as artificial intelligence, customer data or other competitive information. Our competitors may also enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions.
This competition could result in a decrease in users, lower ratings and advertising revenues, lower affiliate and other revenues, and increased content costs and promotional and other expenses, negatively affecting our ability to generate revenues and profitability. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
                                                
Our success depends on our ability to maintain attractive brands and to offer popular content
Our ability to maintain attractive brands and to create, distribute and/or license popular content are key to our success and ability to generate revenues. The revenues we generate primarily depend on our ability to consistently anticipate and satisfy consumer tastes and expectations, both in the U.S. and internationally. Consumer tastes and behavior change frequently, and it is a challenge to anticipate what will be successful at any point in time. The popularity of our original content and the content we acquire from third parties is affected by our ability to develop and maintain strong reputation and brand awareness; our ability to target key audiences; the quality and attractiveness of competing content; and the availability and popularity of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure activities. A shortfall in the expected popularity of content we distribute, including sports for which we have acquired rights, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies and distribution models, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations
Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to shifting content consumption patterns. The ways in which viewers consume content, and technology and business models in our industry, continue to evolve, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenues. Technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching target audiences. This trend has impacted certain traditional distribution models, as demonstrated by industrywide declines in broadcast and cable ratings, declines in cable subscribers, the development of alternative distribution platforms for broadcast and cable programming and reduced theatergoing. Declines in linear viewership are expected to continue and possibly accelerate, which could adversely affect our advertising and affiliate revenues. To respond to these developments, we regularly adopt or develop new technologies and consider, and from time to time implement, changes to our business models and strategies to remain competitive, such as our increased investment in streaming. There can be no assurance that we will successfully anticipate or respond to these developments, that we will not experience disruption, even as we respond to such developments, or that the new technologies or business models we develop will be as successful or as profitable as historic or existing ones.
The loss of affiliation and distribution agreements, renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms or adverse interpretations thereof could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations
A significant portion of our revenues are attributable to agreements with a limited number of distributors. These agreements generally have fixed terms that vary by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that they will be renewed in the future, or renewed on favorable terms, including those related to pricing and programming tiers. The loss of existing packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities and the loss of carriage or the failure to renew our agreements with any distributor, or renew them on favorable terms, could reduce the distribution of our programming and program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, thereby negatively affecting our growth prospects and revenues from both affiliate fees and advertising. The CBS Network provides affiliated television stations regularly scheduled programming in return for the insertion of network commercials during that programming and the payment of reverse compensation. The loss of such station affiliation agreements could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our programming and therefore our attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations.
Consolidation among and vertical integration of distributors in the cable or broadcast network business has provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or obtain distribution for our network programming or distribution and/or marketing of our subscription services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Also, consolidation among television station group owners
                                                
could increase their negotiating leverage. Competitive pressures faced by MVPDs, particularly in light of evolving consumer consumption patterns and new distribution models, could adversely affect the terms of our renewals with MVPDs. In addition, MVPDs continue to develop alternative offerings for consumers. To the extent these offerings do not include our content and become widely accepted in lieu of traditional offerings, we could experience a decline in affiliate revenues.
Our revenues are dependent on the compliance of major distributors with the terms of our affiliation or distribution agreements. As these agreements have grown in complexity, the number of disputes regarding their interpretation and even their validity has grown, resulting in greater uncertainty and, from time to time, litigation with respect to our rights and obligations. Some of our distribution agreements contain “most favored nation” (“MFN”) clauses, which provide that if we enter into an agreement with a distributor and such agreement includes terms that are more favorable than those held by a distributor holding an MFN right, we must offer some of those terms to the distributor holding the MFN right. Disagreements with a distributor on the interpretation or validity of an agreement could adversely impact our affiliate and advertising revenues, as well as our relationship with that distributor.
Damage to our reputation or brands may negatively impact us across businesses and regions
Our reputation and globally recognized brands are critical to our success. Our reputation depends on a number of factors, including the quality of our offerings, the level of trust we maintain with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. Because our brands engage consumers across our businesses, damage to our reputation or brands in one business may have an impact on our others and, because some of our brands are recognized around the world, brand damage may not be locally contained. Significant negative claims or publicity regarding Paramount or its operations, content, products, management, employees, practices, business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture, including individuals associated with the content we create and/or license, as well as our inability to adequately prepare for or respond to such negative claims or publicity, may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. Damage to our reputation or brands could impact our sales, number of viewers and users, business opportunities, profitability, retention, recruiting and the trading price of our securities.
Our ongoing investments in new businesses, products, services, technologies and other strategic activities present many risks, and we may not realize intended financial and strategic goals
We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, new businesses, products, services, technologies and other strategic initiatives, including through acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments, restructurings and transformation initiatives. These investments may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: difficulty integrating acquired businesses; failure to realize anticipated benefits; unanticipated problems, expenses and liabilities; potential disruption to our business and operations; diversion of management’s attention; difficulty managing expanded operations; the loss or inability to retain key employees and creative talent; unanticipated challenges to or loss of our relationship with new or existing customers, viewers, advertisers, suppliers, distributors, licensors; insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with new investments; and failure to successfully develop an acquired business or technology. Many of these factors are outside of our control, and because new investments are inherently risky, and the anticipated benefits or value of these investments may not materialize, there can be no assurance that such investments and other strategic initiatives will not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, FCC licenses and programming
Certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in advertising markets, a decrease in audience acceptance of our content, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, intangible assets, including FCC licenses, and/or programming assets,
                                                
which could result in a noncash impairment charge. Any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on our reported net earnings.
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters may impact our business
We are committed to advancing and strengthening our approach to addressing ESG-related matters and we have announced a number of ESG initiatives and goals, but such initiatives, and our response to new ESG-related laws and regulations, will require additional investments, as well as the attention of our management team in connection with implementation and oversight of new practices and reporting processes, which will impose additional compliance risk. Our ability to implement these new initiatives and requirements and achieve the targets we may be expected to reach will be dependent on a number of factors, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve our goals or that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes. In addition, consumers’ perceptions of our initiatives, the goals that we set and our efforts to achieve them may present risks to our reputation and brands. If we are unable to meet the ESG goals we set or if our goals are not aligned with expectations of our stakeholders, we may lose employees and creative talent, and have difficulty recruiting or attracting new employees, talent, partners or investors, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Risks Relating to Business Continuity, Cybersecurity and Privacy and Data Protection
Disruptions or failures of, or cybersecurity attacks on, our or our service providers’ networks, information systems and other technologies could result in the disclosure of confidential or valuable business or personal information, disruption of our businesses, damage to our brands and reputation, and legal exposure and financial losses; and our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address any such disruption, failure or attack
Cloud services, networks, software, information systems and other technologies we use or that are used by our third-party service providers and our product suppliers (“Providers”), including technology systems used by us and our Providers in connection with the production and distribution of our content (including content delivery networks to stream programming, films and other content in high volume to viewers and users of our online, mobile and app offerings over the internet) and that otherwise perform important functions (“Systems”), are critical to our business activities. Shutdowns, disruptions and attacks on our or our Providers’ Systems pose increasing risks to our business and may be caused by third-party hacking; dissemination of computer viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other destructive or disruptive software; denial-of-service attacks and other bad acts; human error; and power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks or other similar events. Shutdowns, disruptions and attacks could have an adverse impact on us, our business partners, advertisers and other Providers, employees, viewers and users of our content, including degradation or disruption of service, loss of data and damage to equipment and data. Steps we or our Providers take to enhance, improve or upgrade Systems may not be sufficient to avoid shutdowns, disruptions and attacks. Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and operate our businesses, viewer or advertiser dissatisfaction or a loss of viewers or advertisers, and damage to our reputation or brands. In addition, our recovery and business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address any such disruption, failure or cybersecurity attack.
We are subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of business or personal data or programming content maintained in our or our Providers’ Systems, including proprietary and personal information (of third parties, employees and users of our online, mobile and app offerings), business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. Outside parties may attempt to penetrate our or our Providers’ Systems, or fraudulently induce employees, business partners or users of our online, mobile and app offerings to disclose sensitive or confidential information, in order to gain access to our own proprietary data or the data of our subscribers’ or users’, our programming or our intellectual property. The number and sophistication of attempted and successful phishing, information security breaches or disruptive ransomware or denial-of-service attacks have increased significantly in recent years, and because of our
                                                
prominence, we and/or Providers we use may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or disable, degrade or sabotage, networks and Systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate security measures or remediate flaws or detect intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Despite our efforts, the possibility of these adverse events occurring cannot be eliminated.
If a material breach of our Systems or those of our Providers occurs, the perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose subscribers, viewers, revenues, advertisers and other business partners, and users of our online, mobile and app offerings; our reputation, brands and credibility could be damaged; and we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair, replace or recover such Systems. We could also be subject to actions by regulatory authorities and claims asserted in private litigation. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses associated with such events.
We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection
We are subject to laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations in the U.S. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use, transfer, storage and security of personal data. In the E.U., for example, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) mandates data protection compliance obligations and authorizes significant fines for noncompliance, requiring extensive compliance resources and efforts on our part. Further, a number of other regions where we do business have enacted or are considering new data protection regulations that may impact our business activities. In the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) mandates a host of new obligations for businesses regarding how they handle the personal information of California residents. There are also several new state laws in the U.S. that will go into effect in 2023, including the new California Privacy Right Act that will amend the CCPA in early 2023, as well as comprehensive privacy laws in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, all of which will expand the consumer rights provided under the CCPA to other states and create even more onerous obligations, including a requirement to implement mechanisms to allow consumers to opt out of personal data sharing with third parties in the context of digital advertising. In addition, beginning in 2023, California will also offer equivalent privacy rights in the employment and business-to-business context, similar to what already exists under GDPR in the E.U. We are also subject to laws and regulations intended specifically to protect the interests of children and the online safety and privacy of minors, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) in the U.S., the GDPR in the E.U., and codes of conduct and rules relating to the design of digital products and services likely to be accessed by children including the U.K.’s Age Appropriate Design Code and the California Age Appropriate Design Code Act, which goes into effect in 2024. As a result, we have been required to limit some functionality on digital properties and may be limited relative to our abilities to leverage new media with respect to children’s programming or services. Such regulations also restrict the types of advertising we are able to sell on these digital properties and how we perform measurement for advertising purposes and impose strict liability on us for certain of our actions, as well as certain actions of our advertisers and other third parties, which could affect advertising demand and pricing. Compliance with privacy and data protection rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations, which may be inconsistent with one another, and noncompliance could result in regulatory investigations and enforcement, significant monetary fines, breaches of contractual obligations and private litigation. Any actual or perceived noncompliance could also lead to harm to our reputation and market position. See “Business — Regulation — Global Data Protection Laws and Children’s Privacy Laws.”
Risks Relating to Intellectual Property
Infringement of our content reduces revenue received from the distribution of our programming, films, books, interactive games and other entertainment content
Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights. We are fundamentally a content company and infringement of our content — specifically, the infringement of our films,
                                                
television programming, digital content, books, interactive games and other intellectual property rights — adversely affects the value of our content. Copyright infringement is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective laws and technical protection measures similar to those existing in the U.S. and Europe or lack effective enforcement of such measures, or both. Such foreign copyright infringement can also create a supply of pirated content for major markets. The interpretation of copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws as applied to our content, and our infringement-detection and enforcement efforts, remain in flux, and some methods of enforcement have encountered political or commercial opposition. The failure to appropriately enforce and/or the weakening of existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect and monetize our intellectual property and thus negatively affect its value.
Copyright infringement is made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine encryption and other security features and enable infringers to disguise their identities online. We and our production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming and films, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content. The continuing proliferation of digital formats and technologies heightens this risk. Internet-connected televisions, set-top boxes and mobile devices are ubiquitous, and many can support illegal retransmission platforms, illicit video-on-demand or streaming services and pre-loaded hardware, providing more accessible, versatile and legitimate-looking environments for consuming unlicensed film and television content. Unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of films, television programs or other content as well as a reduction in demand for authorized content, which would likely have significant adverse effects on the value of the affected content and our ability to monetize it.
Copyright infringement reduces the revenue that we are able to generate from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels, reduces the public’s and some affiliate partners’ perceived value of our content and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the costs incurred to create such content. We are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these initiatives. Efforts to prevent the unauthorized reproduction, distribution and exhibition of our content may affect our profitability and may not be successful in preventing harm to our business.
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic and Political Conditions
Economic and political conditions in a variety of markets around the world could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations
Our businesses operate and have audiences, customers and partners worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. Accordingly, the economic conditions in many different markets around the world affect a number of aspects of our businesses. The global financial markets have experienced significant recent volatility, marked by declining economic growth, diminished liquidity and availability of credit, declines in consumer confidence, significant concerns for increasing and persistently high inflation and uncertainty about economic stability. The global financial markets have also been adversely affected by current geopolitical events, including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The sanctions imposed against Russia in response to the invasion may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Volatility and weakness in the capital markets, the tightening of credit markets or a decrease in our debt ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing. Increasing inflation in the U.S. raises our costs for labor and services and other costs required to operate our business.
Economic conditions in each market (such as current high inflation or global supply chain issues) can also impact our audience’s discretionary spending and therefore their willingness to access our content, as well as the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks, causing them to reduce their spending on advertising. We may also be subject to longer payment cycles. In addition, as we have expanded our international
                                                
operations, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar has increased, and there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain stable in any period. We may also be impacted by broader supply chain delays, such as those currently impacting global distribution.
Our businesses are also exposed to certain political risks inherent in conducting a global business, including retaliatory actions by governments reacting to changes in the U.S. and other countries, including in connection with trade negotiations; issues related to the presence of corruption in certain markets and enforcement of anticorruption laws and regulations; increased risk of political instability in some markets as well as conflict and sanctions preventing us from accessing those markets; escalating trade, immigration and nuclear disputes; wars, acts of terrorism or other hostilities (such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine); and other political, economic or other uncertainties.
These political and economic risks could create instability in any of the markets where our businesses derive revenues, which could result in a reduction of revenue or loss of investment that adversely affects our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
COVID-19 and other pandemics could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to negatively impact the global macroeconomic environment. COVID-19 and the governmental measures to control its spread such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, social distancing measures, restrictions on large gatherings of people and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders have contributed to a difficult macroeconomic environment, including a decline in consumer confidence, global supply chain issues and inflation, prolonged declines in economic growth, and changes in consumer behavior. Other pandemics or widespread health emergencies may have similar effects.
As a result of COVID-19, our advertising revenues were negatively impacted due to weakness in the advertising market, the cancellation or postponement of sporting events, and the delay of the broadcast television season as a result of production shutdowns. COVID-19 also had a negative effect on our licensing revenues due to production shutdowns, delays in our delivery of content to third parties, and fewer original programs and live events airing on our networks. Our theatrical revenues were negatively impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters, and we experienced lower demand for the licensing of our content from advertising-supported licensees.
The magnitude of the continuing impact of COVID-19 and new and emerging variants, which could be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not be able to accurately predict or control, including the duration and extent of the pandemic; the extent, duration and impact of governmental measures; consumer behavior in response to the pandemic and such measures; and economic and operating conditions in the aftermath of COVID-19. A resurgence of COVID-19, an increase in infection rates or the effect of new variants could trigger a renewal of government restrictions and other precautionary actions that could again negatively impact our businesses as described above. Due to the evolving and uncertain nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the risk of new variants, we are not able to estimate the full extent of the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and that impact could also exacerbate the other risks described herein.
Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters
Failures to comply with or changes in U.S. or foreign laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, both in the U.S. and/or in the foreign jurisdictions in which we or our partners operate, including laws and regulations relating to intellectual property, content regulation, privacy, data protection, anticorruption, repatriation of profits, tax regimes, quotas, tariffs or other trade barriers,
                                                
currency exchange controls, operating license and permit requirements, restrictions on foreign ownership or investment, anticompetitive conduct, export and market access restrictions.
The broadcast and cable industries in the U.S. are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC. For example, we are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our television stations and periodically renew them. It cannot be assured that the FCC will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. The nonrenewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. We must also comply with extensive FCC limits on the ownership and operation of our television stations and the CBS Television Network, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some television stations.
Our businesses could be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws by courts and regulators and the threat that additional laws or regulations may be forthcoming, as well as our ability to enforce our legal rights. We could be required to change or limit certain of our business practices, which could impact our ability to generate revenues. We could also incur substantial costs to comply with new and existing laws and regulations, or face substantial fines and penalties or other liabilities, or be subjected to increased scrutiny from regulators and stakeholders, if we fail to comply with such laws and regulations.
Our liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact our financial conditions
We have both recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to our existing business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other pending and threatened litigation. We cannot be assured that our accruals for these matters are sufficient to cover these liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, if and/or when they become due. Therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating performance or cash flows.
Risks Relating to Human Capital
The loss of existing or inability to hire new key employees or secure creative talent could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations
Our business depends on the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executives and other employees and the creative talent with whom we work. We compete for executives in highly specialized and evolving industries and our ability to attract, retain and engage such individuals may be impacted by our reputation, workplace culture, the training, development, compensation and benefits we provide, our commitment to effectively managing executive succession, and our efforts with respect to DEI and ESG matters. We also employ or contract with entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and produce films and other content with highly regarded directors, producers, writers, actors and other creative talent in highly competitive markets. These individuals are important to attracting viewers and the success of our programs, films and other content, and our ability to attract and retain them may similarly be impacted by our reputation, culture and DEI and ESG efforts. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with retaining them or new talent will be reasonable. If we fail to retain or attract new key employees or creative talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
In addition, we and our business partners engage the services of writers, directors, actors, musicians and other creative talent, production crew members, trade employees, professional athletes and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Any labor disputes, including lockouts, strikes or work stoppages, may disrupt
                                                
our operations and cause delays in the production of our programming, which could increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and/or operating income.
Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock
We have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility in the price of our Common Stock
We have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility in the price of our Common Stock. Various factors have impacted, and may continue to impact, the price of our Common Stock, including variations in our operating results; changes in our estimates, guidance or business plans; variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts, and changes in recommendations by securities analysts; market sentiment about our business, including the viability of our streaming business and views related to its profitability; the activities, operating results or stock price of our competitors or other industry participants in the industries in which we operate; changes in management; the announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor; events affecting the stock market generally; and the broader macroeconomic and political environment in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors and risks described in this section. Some of these factors may adversely impact the price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance.
NAI, through its voting control of the Company, is in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval
NAI, through its direct and indirect ownership of our Class A Common Stock, has voting control of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, NAI directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting Class A Common Stock, representing approximately 9.8% of our Common Stock. NAI is controlled by the Sumner M. Redstone National Amusements Part B General Trust (the “General Trust”), which owns 80% of the voting interest of NAI and acts by majority vote of seven voting trustees (subject to certain exceptions), including with respect to the NAI shares held by the General Trust. Shari E. Redstone, Chairperson, CEO and President of NAI and non-executive Chair of our Board of Directors, is one of the seven voting trustees for the General Trust and is one of two voting trustees who are beneficiaries of the General Trust. No member of our management or other member of our Board of Directors is a trustee of the General Trust.
NAI is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require, or may be accomplished by, stockholder approval, including amending our bylaws, the election or removal of directors and transactions involving a change of control. For example, our bylaws provide that:
•the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required for our stockholders to amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any of our bylaws;
•any or all of our directors may be removed from office at any time prior to the expiration of his or her term of office, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least a majority of all the aggregate voting power of outstanding shares of our Common Stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class at a special meeting of our stockholders called expressly for that purpose; and
•in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our stockholders may act by written consent without a meeting if such stockholders hold the number of shares representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such actions at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Accordingly, our stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of any such corporate actions for so long as NAI retains voting control.
                                                
Sales of NAI’s shares of our Common Stock, some of which are pledged to lenders, could adversely affect the stock price
Based on information received from NAI, NAI has pledged to its lenders a portion of shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock owned directly or indirectly by NAI. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of shares pledged by NAI to its lenders represented approximately 4.5% of the total outstanding shares of our Common Stock. If there is a default on NAI’s debt obligations and the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares, the lenders may not effect a transfer, sale or disposition of any pledged shares of our Class A Common Stock unless NAI and its affiliates beneficially own 50% or less of our Class A Common Stock then outstanding or such shares have first been converted into our Class B Common Stock. A sale of the pledged shares could adversely affect our Common Stock share price. In addition, there can be no assurance that at some future time NAI will not sell or pledge additional shares of our Common Stock, which could adversely affect our Common Stock share price.
					

What would you like to know?
show me netflix risks
Here is the information about risk factors. I have also written the information to the output file!




If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.


Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across the jurisdictions where we provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in newer or less penetrated countries. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, and streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, as well as user-generated content, and more broadly other sources of entertainment that our members could choose in their moments of free time.
Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, a preference for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Membership growth is also impacted by seasonality, with the fourth quarter historically representing our greatest growth, as well as the timing of our content release schedules. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per membership) revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected.

If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly, our revenue, including revenue per paying membership, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have recently expanded our entertainment video offering to include games. If our efforts to develop and offer games are not valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we are expanding our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new products and services to help drive growth, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself. For example, we introduced a new, lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan. Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenues per paying membership, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture
meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers are increasing their streaming video offerings. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative artificial intelligence, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies, our ability to compete effectively and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series, documentaries, feature films and games. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content, including through acquisitions such as Scanline and Animal Logic. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our new ad-supported subscription plan, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content production, including games, and introduce new features, such as live programming and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to
manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks. To the extent the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming content providers. In many instances, our agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix service or otherwise offers services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, for example through multi-service discovery interfaces, our service may be adversely impacted. We intend to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream TV series and films and offer games to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted.
Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices, or may lead to us to stop supporting the delivery of our service on certain legacy devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
We are subject to payment processing risk.
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are increasingly looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular those related to broadcast media and tax. For example, European law enables individual member states to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators located outside their jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory obligations on us. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting net neutrality or requiring payment of network access fees, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their networks have been implemented in many countries, including across the European Union. In others, the laws may be nascent or non-existent. Furthermore, favorable laws may change, including for example, in the United States where net neutrality regulations were repealed. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content, patent infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We also receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities, and we may become subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
Our advertising offering is new and subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business.

We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is subject to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including:
•our ability to attract and retain advertisers;
•fluctuations in memberships, including those selecting the ad-supported subscription plan, and member engagement;
•the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members;
•our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend;
•the impact of seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in advertising spend, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions;
•the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;
•changes in the way advertising on devices, connected TVs or on personal computers is measured or priced;
•adverse legal developments relating to advertising or measurement tools;
•changes in third-party policies, which may negatively impact the ability to measure, deliver and select ads to be served;
•regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information and other privacy considerations, including regulations related to ad targeting and measurement tools;
•any liability or reputational harm from advertisements shown on our service;
•our relationship with third-party service providers for the management, operation, sale and technology to support advertisements on our service;
•our ability to develop and expand an advertising sales organization team;
•our ability to develop the technology and related infrastructure to support advertising;
•the impact of our content and reputation on advertisers’ willingness to spend with us; and
•any member dissatisfaction due to advertisements.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us, including necessary distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such rights vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they may be unwilling to provide us with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions and other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other interests in intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. Additionally, as the market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for CMOs in the remuneration of authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater distribution expenses in certain markets.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings or other legal actions. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright, and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes, our content, and marketing activities.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products, experiences, and marketing assets based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. From time to time, third parties allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. In addition, the use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims, and the availability of copyright and other intellectual property protection for AI-generated material is uncertain. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current website, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. We may also have to remove content from our service, or remove consumer products or marketing materials from the marketplace. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content, merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
Risks Related to Information Technology
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss, telecommunications failures, cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well as misconfigurations in information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions or errors. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property. We and many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which may increase our exposure to vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors, partners, or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we (and/or third parties we use) have been and may continue to be a particularly attractive target for such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital content assets. However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business. There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on our service or systems in the future. We do not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV series, documentaries and feature films and offer games in high volume to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud” computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”). To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our CDN or charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly,
including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Any harm to our members’ devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.
Risks Related to Privacy
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and disclosure of member personal information could adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition, merchandising our service to our members and our ad-supported subscription plan, we collect and utilize information supplied by our members, which may include personal information and other data. We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing information. This personal information is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. Despite these measures and technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to remain or become members. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data
breach. We also maintain personal information concerning our employees, as well as personal information of others working on our productions. Should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ or employees’ personal information and/or production personal information occur, our business could be adversely affected and our larger reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Liquidity
The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
In connection with licensing streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers. We also enter into multi-year commitments for content that we produce, either directly or through third parties, including elements associated with these productions such as non-cancelable commitments under talent agreements. The payment terms of these agreements are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership base (“fixed cost”) but may be determined by costs of production or tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical exhibition receipts. Such commitments, to the extent estimable under accounting standards, are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if business performance does not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. Further, we may be unable to react to any reduction in our cash flows from operations, including those caused by a downturn in the economy, by reducing our streaming content obligations in the near-term. Payment terms for certain content commitments, such as content we directly produce, will typically require more up-front cash payments than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not fund the production of such content. To the extent membership and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of content commitments and accelerated payment requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. If we license and/or produce content that is not favorably received by consumers in a territory, or is unable to be shown in a territory, acquisition and retention may be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offerings quickly and our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. For several years prior to 2020, our cash flows from operations were negative and to the extent that it becomes negative in the future we may need to seek additional capital. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. Rising interest rates or any disruption in the capital markets could make it more difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital or refinance our existing indebtedness. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any large equity or equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations. Moreover, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future and incur other obligations, including additional streaming content obligations. Our ability to make payments on our debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. If the financial markets become difficult or costly to access, including due to rising interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or other changes in economic conditions, our ability to raise additional capital may be negatively impacted, and any refinancing or restructuring could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. As of December 31, 2023, we had the equivalent of $14.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”), some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we have entered into a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we
have not borrowed any amount under this revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately $7.0 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such amount does not include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the amounts of which are significant. For more information on our streaming content obligations, including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may:
•make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on our Notes and our other obligations;
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•increase our cost of borrowing;
•limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
•require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments and pay our other obligations when due;
•limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and
•increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.
Risks Related to International Operations
We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations.
Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to economic, political, regulatory and other risks that may be different from or incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
•the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences;
•difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;
•political or social unrest, global hostilities, and economic instability;
•compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;
•difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions, including local ownership requirements for streaming content providers;
•regulatory requirements or government action against our service, whether in response to enforcement of actual or purported legal and regulatory requirements or otherwise, that results in disruption or non-availability of our service or particular content or increased operating costs in the applicable jurisdiction;
•foreign intellectual property laws, such as the EU copyright directive, or changes to such laws, among other issues, may impact the economics of creating or distributing content, anti-piracy efforts, or our ability to protect or exploit intellectual property rights;
•adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their interpretations, and the related application of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities or other tax liabilities given the ultimate tax determination is uncertain;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which have and may continue to impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and while we use derivative instruments to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, the use of such hedging activities may not be effective in offsetting an adverse financial impact and may introduce or heighten counterparty risk;
•rates of inflation;
•profit repatriation, currency control regulations and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;
•differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards;
•new and different sources of competition;
•censorship requirements that cause us to remove or edit popular content, leading to consumer disappointment, brand tarnishment or dissatisfaction with our service;
•low usage and/or penetration of internet-connected consumer electronic devices;
•different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws, including data localization and/or restrictions on data export, and local ownership requirements;
•availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion;
•differing laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy;
•negative impacts from trade disputes; and
•implementation of regulations designed to stimulate the local production of film and TV series in order to promote and preserve local culture and economic activity, including local content quotas, investment obligations, and levies to support local film funds. For example, the European Union revised its Audio Visual Media Services Directive in 2018 to require that European works comprise at least thirty percent (30%) of media service providers’ catalogs, and to require prominence of those works.

These and other factors may cause us to adjust our business plans, including expanding or ceasing certain operations in certain countries, and the execution of our strategies. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations.
We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred taxes and other tax liabilities and receivables, and in evaluating our tax positions and other tax attributes on a worldwide basis. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the IRS, state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Tax laws are regularly being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business. If U.S. or other tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Risks Related to Human Resources
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain and improve our company culture may adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, our Executive Chairman, Reed Hastings, members of our executive team and other key employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical, creative and other personnel. If we experience high executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to implement succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or maintaining and improving our culture as we grow, our operations may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements in the motion picture industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. Expiring collective bargaining agreements may be renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us. If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. For example, the Writers Guild (“WGA”) and Screen Actors Guild (“SAG-AFTRA”) collective bargaining
agreements expired in 2023, and WGA members and the SAG-AFTRA members went on strike in May 2023 and July 2023, respectively. Collective bargaining agreements with the I.A.T.S.E. representing technicians and “behind the camera” crews as well as contracts with Teamster unions expire in mid-2024. The WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes as well as the recent resurgence of organized labor in the United States may lead those workers to strike. Such work stoppages have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members. Such actions, as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide new content to our members could likewise be delayed or dropped.
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable, although we have announced plans to modify some of these provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
•authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
•provide for a classified board of directors until our annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025;
•prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
•establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues, operating income, net income, net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow;
•variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;
•announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others;
•competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
•market volatility in general;
•the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock;
•the impact of our current stock repurchase program and any future stock repurchase program we may adopt;
•the operating results of our competitors; and
•other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.
As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price.
Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources.
Preparing and forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, operating margins, net income and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Also, predicting consumer adoption of various pricing strategies, such as the ad-supported subscription plan or efforts to limit multi-household usage, and new revenue streams, such as advertising revenue, is inherently difficult given the lack of operating history with respect to such offerings, and actual results may differ significantly from the expectations of our management, securities analysts or investors. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We base such estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, but actual results may differ from these estimates. For example, we estimate the content amortization pattern, beginning with the month of first availability, of any particular licensed or produced television series, documentary or feature film based upon various factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization would be changed and could affect the timing or recognition of content amortization. If we revise such estimates it could result in greater in-period expenses, which could cause us to miss our earnings guidance or negatively impact the results we report which could negatively impact our stock price. Further, events outside of our control may cause actual results to differ from our forecast.


What would you like to know?
show chat sessions
WARNING! 
 This will end the current session and switch to an instance where you can review all previous chatbot sessions. Do you accept this?
yes

The user inputted 6 responses.

The program outputted 4 valid responses.

The program ran for 55.6606 seconds.
